area network ("SD-WAN") capabilities to deliver a single-vendor Secure Access Services Edge solution. In our Ethernet Switch portfolio, we are investing in new Data Center Networking platforms and features to expand our total addressable market to complement the campus and branch segment. We leverage the HPE GreenLake cloud to provide consistent access to our aaS capabilities and enable new business models, including network-as-a-service. We also are investing in automation, machine learning, and AI-based network operations to optimize user experience and improve operator efficiency, as exemplified by our cloud-native Aruba Central cloud service, which is expected to provide manageability across our entire portfolio, including Wireless LAN, Ethernet switching, SD-WAN, and security. In Hewlett Packard Labs, we are focused on disruptive innovation and applied research in collaboration with other HPE business groups to deliver differentiated intellectual property. Our innovation agenda is focused on developing technologies in the areas of system architecture, networking, AI, sustainability, edge-to-cloud, quantum computing, and sustainability. We also continue to invest in our silicon design capability to accelerate the development and delivery of our technology. 7 Table of Conte n t For a discussion of risks attendant to our R&D activities, see "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading "If we cannot successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, including offering our entire portfolio aaS, our business, operating results, and financial performance may suffer." Patents Our general policy is to seek patent protection for those inventions likely to be incorporated into our products and services or where obtaining such proprietary rights will improve our competitive position. As of October 31, 2024, our worldwide patent portfolio included approximately 13,000 issued and pending patents. Patents generally have a term of up to 20 years from the date they are filed. As our patent portfolio has been built over time, the remaining terms of the individual patents across our patent portfolio vary. We believe that our patents and patent applications are important for maintaining the competitive differentiation of our products and services, enhancing our freedom of action to sell our products and services in markets in which we choose to participate, and maximizing our return on research and development investments. No single patent is in itself essential to our company as a whole or to any of our business segments. In addition to developing our patent portfolio, we license intellectual property from third parties as we deem appropriate. We have also granted and continue to grant to others licenses and other rights under our patents when we consider these arrangements to be in our interest. These license arrangements include a number of cross-licenses with third parties. For a discussion of risks attendant to intellectual property rights, see "Risk factors" in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the headings "Our financial performance may suffer if we cannot continue to develop, license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our businesses depend" and "Our products and services depend in part on intellectual property and technology licensed from third parties." Seasonality From time to time, the markets in which we sell our products, services, and solutions experience weak economic conditions that may negatively affect sales. We experience some seasonal trends in the sale of our products and services. For example, European sales are often weaker in the summer months. See "Risk factors" in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading "Our uneven sales cycle and supply chain disruptions make planning and inventory management difficult and future financial results less predictable." Competition We have a broad technology portfolio of enterprise IT infrastructure products, solutions, and services which includes our aaS offerings. We encounter strong competition in all areas of our business. We compete primarily on the basis of technology, innovation, performance, price, quality, reliability, brand, reputation, distribution, range of products and services, ease of use of our products, account relationships, customer training, service and support, security, and the availability of our IT infrastructure offerings. The markets in which we compete are characterized by strong competition among major corporations with long-established positions and a large number of new and rapidly growing firms. Most product life cycles are relatively short, and to remain competitive we must develop new products and services, continuously enhance our existing products and services and compete effectively on the basis of the factors listed above, among others. In addition, we compete with many of our current and potential partners, including OEMs that design, manufacture, and market their products under their own brand names. Our successful management of these competitive partner relationships is critical to our future success. Moreover, we anticipate that we will have to continue to adjust prices on many of our products and services to stay competitive. The competitive environments in which our segments operate are described below: Server business operates in the highly competitive enterprise data center infrastructure market and the markets for data-intensive high performance supercomputing, analytics, and artificial intelligence infrastructure solutions, which are characterized by rapid and ongoing technological innovation. Our primary competitors in data center infrastructure are technology vendors, such as Dell Technologies Inc., Super Micro Computer, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Lenovo Group Ltd. In certain regions, we also experience competition from local companies and from generically branded or "white-box" manufacturers. Our primary competitors in high performance infrastructure include technology vendors that can design and build solutions that deliver performance scalability and connectivity necessary to handle super-compute and AI workloads, including Dell Technologies Inc., Super Micro Computer, Inc., Lenovo Group Ltd., Fujitsu Network Communications, Inc., and Atos Information Technology Incorporated. In our software platform for AI model development and deployment, we both compete and cooperate with cloud service providers and start-up companies that deliver platforms for AI model training, tuning, and inferencing. Our strategy is to deliver superior products, high-value technology support services, and differentiated 8 Table of Conte n t integrated solutions that combine our infrastructure, software, and services capabilities. Our competitive advantages include our broad end-to-end solutions portfolio, supported by our strong intellectual property portfolio and research and development capabilities, coupled with our global reach and partner ecosystem. Hybrid Cloud is our private cloud services solutions business consisting of HPE's GreenLake and Storage solutions, and associated private cloud software offerings. Hybrid cloud solutions enable HPE to take care of the infrastructure, so customers can focus on managing workloads and fostering innovation. Our primary competitors are other infrastructure and cloud management software technology vendors, such as Broadcom/VMware, Cisco Systems Inc., Dell Technologies Inc., IBM, NetApp Inc., Nutanix, and Pure Storage and public cloud vendors like Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. Our strategy is to deliver a secure and scalable cloud-like experience across any app or mission-critical workload--traditional or cloud-native. Intelligent Edge operates in the highly competitive networking and connectivity infrastructure market, which is characterized by rapid and ongoing technological innovation and price competition. Our primary competitors are technology vendors, such as Cisco Systems, Inc., Extreme Networks, Inc., Arista Networks Inc, Palo Alto Networks, Fortinet, Juniper Networks, Ruckus Networks, and Ubiquiti and networking-as-a-service vendors such as Nile and Meter. Our strategy is to deliver superior enterprise wired and wireless local-area, wide-area and data-center networking components and software, routing technology, high-value technology support services, and differentiated integrated solutions that combine our infrastructure, software, and services capabilities. Our competitive advantage includes our broad end-to-end solutions portfolio, supported by our strong intellectual property portfolio and research and development capabilities, coupled with our global reach and partner ecosystem. Financial Services. In our financing business, our primary competitors are captive financing companies, such as IBM Global Financing, Dell Financial Services, and Cisco Capital, as well as banks and other financial institutions. Our primary IT Asset Disposition ("ITAD") competitors are ERI, Ingram Micro, Sage Sustainable Electronics, and Sims Recycling Solutions. We believe our competitive advantage over banks, other financial institutions, and ITAD providers is our ability to bring together our investment solutions with our expertise in managing technology assets. Not only are we able to deliver investment solutions that help customers create unique technology deployments based on specific business needs, but we also help them extract value from existing IT investments while more efficiently managing the retirement of those assets. All of these solutions can help customers accelerate digital transformation, create new budget streams, and meet Circular Economy objectives. For a discussion of certain risks attendant to these competitive environments, see "Risk factors" in Item 1A of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading "We operate in an intensely competitive industry, and competitive pressures could harm our business and financial performance." Human Capital Resources At HPE we are united by our purpose, which is to advance the way people live and work. We believe technology's greatest promise lies in its potential for positive change. This is the guidepost for each decision we make at HPE. We believe it not only helps guide our contribution to society, but also makes good business sense. Our company strives to be an engine of innovation, and our approximately 61,000 employees as of October 31, 2024, are proud of the ways our technology enables our customers to achieve meaningful outcomes like curing disease, modernizing farming, addressing world-hunger, and democratizing transportation through autonomous vehicles. Our Culture - We recognize the importance of talent and culture to the success of HPE and our ability to fulfill our purpose. We have identified four key cultural beliefs that guide how we lead on a daily basis: accelerating what's next, bold moves, the "power of yes we can," and being a force for good. We embed these beliefs in a deep-rooted DNA that puts customers first, enabling us to partner, innovate, and act with integrity. HPE has remained committed to its focus on internalizing these values into a vibrant culture that creates a superior team member experience and a highly engaged workforce, driving improvements across our communications, our reward programs, our talent/performance programs, and our work environment. Through such efforts, we aim to foster a collaborative, inclusive, and inspiring experience for all our team members and to make HPE a destination for talent while driving high-performance and growth opportunities for our team members, and innovation and excellence for our customers. In the midst of the above, we continually seek feedback from our team members to better understand and improve their experiences and identify opportunities to continually strengthen our culture. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion - At HPE, we are committed to cultivating a diverse and inclusive workplace. By fostering a culture where our people can freely contribute their perspectives, ideas, and experiences, we can fuel innovation, drive transformational changes, and be a force for good by harnessing the potential of our technologies and our team members. In 2024, we continued to advance our global approach of enhancing the composition of our workforce, by selecting regional leaders responsible for engaging team members, core human resources professionals, business stakeholders, and external 9 Table of Conte n t partners to identify areas of focus to advance unconditional inclusion. We also expanded our voluntary, and confidential self-identification program, "Count me in. I belong!" from the US, Puerto Rico and the U.K, to include Mexico, Brazil, Costa Rica, Colombia and India for the first time. We continue to develop new and inclusive pipelines of talent in science, technology, engineering, and math ("STEM") professions through our dedicated HPE STEM Discovery Program. This program equips and enables HPE team members to serve as STEM education and digital inclusion volunteers in their local communities, exposing learners to cutting-edge technology and raising awareness about careers in technology. The Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Voice of the Workforce index within our annual global engagement survey continued to reveal strong engagement scores across our ethnically diverse and female team members. Our Board, Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), and Executive Committee model high standards for our efforts to drive an unconditionally inclusive environment and oversee efforts throughout the Company leadership to continuously develop their inclusive leadership acumen. Talent - We are dedicated to attracting, developing, and retaining top talent through substantial investment. Our commitment extends to all career stages. We establish transparent goals, promote accountability, and continuously evaluate and nurture talent. About 95% of employees engaged in HPE's "My Success Plan" program, which entails quarterly 1:1 conversations with leaders, centered on performance, progress, and career aspirations. The dynamic nature of our industry allows team members to thrive in their current roles while acquiring new skills. Over the past year, our approximately 61,000 team members completed over 821,000 online and instructor-led courses across various categories, including leadership, inclusion and diversity, professional skills, technical training, and compliance. We are particularly focused on identifying and cultivating the next generation of exceptional leaders, emphasizing technical expertise. Our annual talent and succession review, conducted with our CEO and Executive Committee, aims to accelerate talent development, enhance succession pipelines, and improve diversity in our key positions. Pay Equity - We believe people should be paid equitably for what they do and how they do it, regardless of their gender, race, or other personal characteristics. We maintain policies to promote equal pay, and we regularly review our global pay practices with an aim to pay team members in similar roles and locations commensurately with their experience and responsibilities. We partner with independent third-party experts to conduct annual pay assessments and identify unexplained gaps between our present state and our goal of equitable pay treatment for all team members. Where these reviews identify such gaps at a country-wide level, we adjust compensation to eliminate the gap. As a result of our efforts, our most recent pay equity review demonstrated that we have achieved pay parity for base compensation and bonus targets between male and female team members in the U.S. (including among underrepresented ethnicities), and a dozen additional countries throughout the world, when accounting for job title, time-in-role, experience, and location. We conduct a number of compensation analyses in other countries to provide competitive and equitable pay. Work That Fits Your Life - This global initiative, which was launched in 2019, is an important example of how HPE is investing in our culture and creating a team member experience that aims to make HPE a destination of choice for the best talent in the industry. It includes an industry-leading paid parental leave program (minimum 6 months), part-time work opportunities for new parents or team members transitioning to retirement, and "Wellness Fridays" that allows team members a full Friday off four times per year to focus on their well-being. The HPE Global Wellness Program is a comprehensive program that promotes overall health and well-being by providing team members with programs and resources that offer flexibility built around team member needs while continuing to deliver on critical business results. The program consists of four pillars: physical health, financial well-being, mental and emotional health, and community well-being. Additionally, we offer a hybrid work environment for the majority of our team members, encouraging two days in the office per week for collaboration. Total Rewards - HPE requires a uniquely talented workforce and is committed to providing total rewards that are market-competitive and performance based, designed to drive innovation and operational excellence. Our compensation programs, practices, and policies reflect our commitment to reward short- and long-term performance that aligns with, and drives stockholder value. Total direct compensation is generally positioned within a competitive range of the market median, with differentiation based on tenure, skills, proficiency, and performance to attract and retain key talent. Board Oversight - Our Board of Directors oversees our human capital management strategy and programs. Our HR and Compensation Committee provides oversight of our human resources and workforce management programs, including but not limited to those related to corporate culture; compensation plans and policies; diversity and inclusion; and talent acquisition, development, and retention. HPE's strong and healthy culture is critical to accelerating what's next for our customers and partners and the success of our company. We believe that a workforce that is energized and more engaged will fuel our ability to pivot and grow, which will, in turn, power the next chapter at Hewlett Packard Enterprise. 10 Table of Conte n t Environmental Sustainability Living Progress is our business strategy for creating sustainable and responsible IT solutions that meet the technology demands of the future, while advancing the way people live and work. Anchored to our edge-to-cloud offerings and bolstered by our sustainability credentials, our Living Progress strategy provides us with a competitive advantage in the market as we help our customers achieve not only their business objectives, but also their IT sustainability goals. A legacy of sustainability leadership supports talent acquisition and retention and enables ongoing access to global markets. The HPE Board of Directors, including through its committees, provides oversight of our Living Progress strategy, risks, practices, policies, and disclosures, to support integration with our core business strategy. Sustainability performance is a core business discipline within HPE. HPE aims to become a net-zero enterprise by 2040, with interim targets set across our value chain for 2030. These climate targets are approved by the Science Based Target initiative and align with the latest climate science. Our commitment is supported by our Net-Zero Roadmap, which defines the levers we plan to prioritize to enable us to deliver on our near- and long-term carbon emissions reduction targets and outlines key assumptions with respect to our reduction targets. In 2024, the majority of our greenhouse gas emissions resulted from our customers' use of our products and solutions. We recognize the opportunity to innovate technologies for a carbon-constrained world and are committed to delivering products and solutions that empower our customers to reduce the carbon footprints of their IT estates while also gaining maximum productivity from their IT investments and reducing costs. For instance, the latest generation of HPE ProLiant Gen 11 Servers enables customers to consolidate and grow compute capabilities while lowering the cost of power, cooling, floor space, and licensing. To enable market access across the globe