reports on the state of the industry, educating the public about cybersecurity threats, and identifying and naming adversary groups. We also engage in paid media, web marketing, industry and trade conferences (including our annual Fal.Con conference), analyst engagements, whitepaper development, demand generation via digital and web, and targeted displacement campaigns. We employ a wide range of digital programs, including search engine marketing, online and social media initiatives, and content syndication to increase traffic to our website and encourage prospective customers to sign up for a free trial of the Falcon platform. Additionally, we engage in joint marketing activities with our channel and technology alliance partners. Partnership Ecosystem We operate a partner-first go-to-market strategy to land new logos and expand in existing accounts. We partner with a diverse set of partners. We work with a wide array of go-to-market partners in our technology alliance partners to design go-to-market strategies that combine our platform with products and/or services provided by our technology alliance partners. These partner integrations deliver more secure solutions and an improved end user experience to their customers. Our technology alliance partnerships focus on security analytics, network and infrastructure security, threat platforms and orchestration, and automation. The CrowdStrike Store is an open cloud-based application PaaS for cybersecurity and the industry's first unified security cloud ecosystem of trusted third-party applications. Falcon for AWS, available in the AWS Marketplace, allows customers to easily purchase and take advantage of the metered billing (pay-as-you-go) pricing option to scale their consumption as their business needs change. In addition to AWS, we bring CrowdStrike to market through Google Marketplace, and starting fiscal year 2027, the Microsoft Marketplace. We work with a vast network of resellers, distributors, MSSPs, MSPs, and global system integrators ("GSIs") to deliver diverse customer experiences, tailored to the needs of the customer. Our best-in-class ecosystem helps us source new logos, expand within existing accounts, and maintain high renewal rates because we meet customers where they are and work with those they trust. Research and Development Our research and development organizations are responsible for the design, architecture, operation and quality of our cloud native Falcon platform. In addition, the research and development organizations work closely with our customer success teams to promote customer satisfaction. Our success is a result of our continuous drive for innovation. Our internal team of security experts, researchers, intelligence analysts, and threat hunters continuously analyzes the evolving global threat landscape to develop products that defend against today's most sophisticated and stealthy attacks and report on emerging security issues. We invest substantial resources in research and development to enhance our Falcon platform, and develop new cloud modules, features and functionality. We believe timely development of new, and enhancement of our existing products, services, and features is essential to maintaining our competitive position. We work closely with our customers and channel partners to gain valuable insight into their security management practices to assist us in designing new cloud modules and features that extend the capability of our platform. Our technical staff monitors and tests our software on a regular basis, and we also make our Falcon platform available for third-party validation. We also maintain a regular release process to update and enhance our existing solutions. In addition, we engage security consulting firms to perform periodic vulnerability analysis of our solutions. Our research and development leadership team is predominantly located in the United States. We also maintain research and development centers internationally, including in Romania, Israel and India. We employ subject matter experts in a number of jurisdictions around the world. We plan to continue to dedicate significant resources to research and development. Competition We primarily compete with established and emerging security product vendors. While the market for traditional endpoint and IT operations solutions has historically been intensely competitive, we believe that the architecture of our cloud-native, single sensor platform fundamentally differentiates us compared to both next-gen and legacy competitors in the security industry. Additionally, as we look to enter into adjacent markets and expand our total addressable market, we may face new competitors. However, we do not believe any of our competitors currently have a true platform offering equivalent to the Falcon platform, which can be leveraged to win in legacy markets and define new categories. Our competitors currently include the following by general category: legacy antivirus product providers who offer a broad range of approaches and solutions including traditional signature-based antivirus protection; alternative endpoint security providers who generally offer a mix of on-premises and cloud-hosted products that rely heavily on malware-only or application whitelisting techniques; network security vendors who are supplementing their core perimeter-based offerings with endpoint or cloud security solutions; cloud security vendors, including those who focus on public cloud infrastructure and services; identity security vendors that seek to identify and secure user accounts and related activities; professional service providers who offer cybersecurity response services; and legacy SIEM vendors who offer a range of log management and security capabilities. We compete on the basis of a number of factors, including but not limited to our: ability to offer a unified and modular platform that enables rapid innovation, scaling, and deployment; ability to identify security threats and prevent security breaches; ability to integrate with other participants in the security ecosystem; time to value, price, and total cost of ownership; brand awareness, reputation, and trust in the provider's services; strength of sales, marketing, and channel partner relationships; customer support, incident response, and proactive services; and ability to rapidly ingest and search both first and third-party data. Although certain of our competitors enjoy greater resources, recognition, deeper customer relationships, larger existing customer bases, or more mature intellectual property portfolios, we believe that we compete favorably with respect to these factors and that we are well positioned as a leading provider of endpoint and workload security solutions. Intellectual Property We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business. We rely on trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, intellectual property assignment agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, and employee non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Though we rely in part upon these legal and contractual protections, we believe that factors such as the skills and ingenuity of our employees and the functionality and frequent enhancements to our solutions are larger contributors to our success in the marketplace. We continue to grow our global portfolio of intellectual property rights in connection with our products, services, research and development, and other activities to protect our proprietary technology relevant to our business. We file patent applications to protect our intellectual property and believe that the duration of our issued patents is sufficient when considering the expected lives of our products. We intend to continue pursuing additional intellectual property protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, they may not be respected in the future, particularly in certain foreign jurisdictions where laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the United States, or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We believe that competitors will try to develop products that are similar to ours and that may infringe our intellectual property rights. Our competitors or other third-parties may also claim that our security platform and other solutions infringe their intellectual property rights. In particular, some companies in our industry have extensive patent portfolios. From time to time, third parties have in the past and may in the future assert claims of infringement, misappropriation and other violations of intellectual property rights against us or our customers, with whom our agreements may obligate us to indemnify against these claims. Successful claims of infringement by a third party could prevent us from offering certain products or features, require us to develop alternate, non-infringing technology, which could require significant time and during which we could be unable to continue to offer our affected products or solutions, require us to obtain a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, or force us to pay substantial damages, royalties, or other fees. For additional information, see the section titled "Risk Factors--Risks Related to Intellectual Property, Legal, and Regulatory Matters--The success of our business depends in part on our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights." Backlog We enter into both single and multi-year subscription contracts for our solutions. We generally invoice our subscription customers at the beginning of the subscription term, or in some instances, such as in multi-year arrangements, in installments. Until we have the contractual right to invoice, these contract amounts are classified as backlog. They are not recorded in deferred revenue or elsewhere in our consolidated financial statements. As of January 31, 2026, we had backlog of approximately $4.2 billion. We expect backlog will change from period to period for several reasons, including the timing and duration of customer agreements, varying billing cycles of subscription agreements, and the timing and duration of customer renewals. Because revenue for any period is a function of revenue recognized from deferred revenue under contracts in existence at the beginning of the period, as well as contract renewals and new customer contracts during the period, backlog at the beginning of any period is not necessarily indicative of future revenue performance. We do not utilize backlog as a key management metric internally. Seasonality Given the annual budget approval process of many of our customers, we see seasonal patterns in our business. Net new ARR generation is typically greater in the second half of the year, particularly in the fourth quarter, as compared to the first half of the year. In addition, we also experience seasonality in our operating margin, typically with a lower margin in the first half of our fiscal year due to a step up in costs for payroll taxes and annual sales and marketing events. This also impacts the timing of operating cash flow. Human Capital Resources As of January 31, 2026, we had 10,698 full-time employees. We also engage temporary employees and consultants as needed to support our operations. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement. In certain countries in which we operate, we are subject to local labor law requirements which may automatically make our employees subject to industry-wide collective bargaining agreements. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. Attraction, Retention, and Talent Development Supporting our people is a foundational value for CrowdStrike. We believe the company's success depends on our ability to attract, retain and develop employees. The skills, experience and industry knowledge of key employees significantly benefit our customers, operations and our overall company performance. Our talent sourcing is aligned to our organizational strategy to provide the expertise and skills needed to move our mission forward. We have created a high-performance talent model that pinpoints the top traits and qualities we look for in talent and that may already exist within the organization, then consistently use that model to develop interview questions, screen candidates, and make hiring decisions. CrowdStrike has always been a mission-focused organization. We hire and develop people based on their merits and alignment to our mission of stopping breaches. Our work requires us to consider problems from all angles. We believe that an open, collaborative environment strengthens our ability to build strong teams, serve our customers and drive innovation. To attract high performers, we have a team dedicated to building and promoting our employer brand focused on creating a strong employer value proposition, which includes: Competitive pay and benefits Flexible working arrangements Roles and tasks designed for growth Professional development opportunities Organizational reputation and culture We provide robust compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. In addition to base salary, these programs (which vary by country/region) include annual bonuses or commission plans, equity awards, an employee stock purchase plan, a 401(k) plan or pension schemes internationally, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources, flexible work schedules, adoption and infertility assistance, and employee assistance programs. We invest resources to develop the talent needed to remain a leader in cybersecurity. We deliver numerous training opportunities, provide rotational assignment opportunities, have expanded our focus on continuous learning and development, and ensure we manage performance, provide feedback, and develop talent. Distributed Workforce For CrowdStrike, the ability to work remotely or in a hybrid arrangement is a deliberate strategy that we believe fuels rapid innovation and helps us attract, hire and retain the best and brightest around the world, regardless of their specific location. Our culture is purpose-built around this ability, creating a competitive advantage for both the company and its customers and minimizing disruption from localized issues such as natural disasters, political events, or health emergencies. CrowdStrike has had a distributed workforce since its inception. While working remotely has its advantages, we also believe that building community and engagement happens at a faster pace when people can come together. Since the beginning, we recognized that creating high-functioning, effective remote and hybrid teams would require careful planning and system design to not only establish the culture but help it grow and evolve organically. We have designed our processes, systems, and teams so that most employees can perform their jobs without needing to be physically present in the same room or even in the same time zone. Part of supporting our remote and hybrid culture also involves actively encouraging personal well-being through initiatives, including wellness programs, engagement programs (speaker series, employee resource groups, gift exchanges, mentorship opportunities, virtual events, etc.), community outreach activities, recognition programs, and groups to connect people, no matter where they are geographically, with similar interests, life circumstances or backgrounds. We continue to find ways to bring our employees together to build community and camaraderie. Our People and Core Values At CrowdStrike, we embrace the mantra of "One Team. One Fight." Our global team is passionate about working together toward our mission to stop breaches, knowing they will be fully included, supported and valued along the way. We are Fanatical About the Customer, Relentlessly Focused on Innovation and believe that our Limitless Passion drives Unlimited Potential for every CrowdStriker. Our Core Values sum up our culture. We provide the support and resources needed to enable people to do their best work. Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our current executive officers as of March 4, 2026: Name Age Position George Kurtz 55 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Burt W. Podbere 60 Chief Financial Officer Michael Sentonas 52 President There is no family relationship between any of our directors or executive officers and any other director or executive officer. George Kurtz - President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director Mr. Kurtz is one of our co-founders and has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of our board of directors since November 2011. From October 2004 to October 2011, Mr. Kurtz served in executive roles at McAfee, Inc., a security technology company, including as Executive Vice President and Worldwide Chief Technology Officer from October 2009 to October 2011. In October 1999, Mr. Kurtz founded Foundstone, Inc., a security technology company, where he served as its Chief Executive Officer until it was acquired by McAfee, Inc. in October 2004. Since November 2017, he has also served as Chairman of the Board, and as President for the CrowdStrike Foundation, a nonprofit established to support the next generation of talent and research in cybersecurity and artificial intelligence through scholarships, grants, and other activities. He also served on the board of directors of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, an enterprise information technology company, from June 2019 to April 2023. Mr. Kurtz holds a B.S. in accounting from Seton Hall University. Mr. Kurtz also holds a CPA license from the State of New Jersey with an inactive status. Burt W. Podbere - Chief Financial Officer Mr. Podbere has served as our Chief Financial Officer since September 2015. From May 2014 to August 2015, Mr. Podbere served as Chief Financial Officer for OpenDNS, Inc. (acquired by Cisco in 2015), a cloud-delivered network security company, where he oversaw the finance function. From October 2011 to April 2014, he served as Chief Financial Officer for Net Optics, Inc. (acquired by Ixia in 2013), a manufacturer of network monitoring and intelligent access solutions for physical and virtual networks. Since November 2017, he has also served as Treasurer and as a board member for the CrowdStrike Foundation, a nonprofit established to support the next generation of talent and research in cybersecurity and artificial intelligence through scholarships, grants, and other activities. Mr. Podbere is a Chartered Accountant and holds a B.A. from McGill University. Michael Sentonas - President Mr. Sentonas has served as our President since March 2023. Prior to being appointed President, Mr. Sentonas served as our Chief Technology Officer since February 2020, and as our Vice President, Technology Strategy from May 2016 to February 2020. Immediately prior to joining us, Mr. Sentonas served at McAfee Corp. from March 2004 to April 2016 in various positions, and finally as Chief Technology Officer Security Connected from November 2013 to April 2016. Mr. Sentonas is a board member of the CrowdStrike Foundation, a nonprofit established to support the next generation of talent and research in cybersecurity and artificial intelligence through scholarships, grants, and other activities, and a member of the Forbes Technology Counsel, an organization for senior technology executives. He is an active public speaker on security issues and advises government and business communities on global and local cyber security threats. Mr. Sentonas holds a B.S. in computer science from Edith Cowan University, Western Australia. Corporate Information Our principal