that data processing satisfied legitimate purposes under the relevant regulations. A European telecommunications company needed to process personal data for a customer support workflow, while complying with the necessity and proportionality requirements of the European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). The client leveraged Palantir's minimization tool to obfuscate sensitive data in workflows, while allowing cell-level access by operational users based on demonstrated need. Our platforms provide capabilities for managing AI use cases to enable our public and private sector customers to better align their AI practices with governance requirements under the EU AI Act and other applicable regulations. Our Team We employ a team of engineers, lawyers, philosophers, and social scientists to ensure that our company remains a leader in the field when it comes to privacy practices and software development. The Privacy and Civil Liberties Engineering team is responsible for ensuring a culture of responsibility around the development and use of our technology by leading the development of privacy-enhancing technologies, publishing research, consulting with policymakers, helping our customers implement data governance best practices, and facilitating company-wide dialogue on ethical issues. The team is supported by the Palantir Council of Advisors on Privacy and Civil Liberties, a group of independent experts in privacy law, policy, and ethics who help us to understand and address the implications of our work. Privacy-Enhancing Technologies Granular Access Controls and Dynamic Data Minimization. Our platforms provide granular access restrictions with flexible permissions frameworks, such as role-, temporal-, and purpose-based access controls. These access control frameworks enable users to see only the specific information necessary for a defined task and only for the duration needed to complete it. Beyond access controls, organizations can also apply dynamic data minimization procedures such as pseudonymization, obfuscation, and encryption to adhere to compliance obligations while considering the context of specific workflows. Sensitive Data Discovery and Management. Palantir's software platforms enable users to securely integrate and analyze sensitive data. To ensure robust governance and to enforce data protection and compliance policies, our platforms also come with tools to detect and manage the use of such sensitive data. Oversight and Auditability. Overseeing sensitive user actions within a system is critical to ensure that data is used appropriately and in compliance with applicable policies and regulations. Palantir's software platforms enable our customers' internal governance, compliance, or audit teams to easily understand the nature of such sensitive user actions. Our platforms also maintain audit logs and make them accessible to authorized users, allowing them to both investigate potential past misuse of systems and flag suspicious activity proactively. Data Retention and Deletion. System administrators must be able to implement flexible and auditable retention policies and verify that data scheduled for deletion has truly been removed from the system. Our platforms allow organizations to ensure that out-of-date, expired, or irrelevant information is removed efficiently in order to improve data protection, governance, and compliance in accordance with applicable regulations. Data Provenance. Providing users with well-curated, up-to-date data is critical for building trust in an organization's data foundation. Our platforms automatically maintain complete records of both data provenance and all transformations applied to data in the system, allowing users to assess the reliability of the data and facilitate the review and correction of inaccuracies when necessary. AI Governance . In order to build the trust necessary to use AI systems in production, organizations need tools to test, validate, govern, and maintain how AI is used to solve their challenges. Palantir builds technology to foster AI accountability, robust testing and evaluation, bias mitigation, responsibility and risk framework deployment, and governance for the full AI lifecycle. Competition We are fundamentally competing with the internal software development efforts of our potential customers. Organizations frequently attempt to build their own data platforms before turning to buy ours. In trying to build something on their own, they generally rely on a patchwork of custom solutions, outside consultants, IT services companies, packaged enterprise and open source software, and significant internal IT resources. In addition, our competitors include large enterprise software companies, government contractors, and system integrators. We also face competition from emerging companies as well as established companies that have entered, and may continue to enter, this market. The principal competitive factors in the markets in which we operate include: platform capabilities and product functionality; data security and privacy; ease and speed of adoption, use, and deployment; product innovation; pricing and cost structures; customer experience, including support; and brand awareness and reputation. While we believe we generally compete favorably with our competitors, as well as with software developed by customers internally, based on these competitive factors, some of our competitors have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, and larger customer bases; larger sales and marketing budgets and resources and the capacity to leverage their sales efforts and marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of products; broader, deeper, or otherwise more established relationships with technology, channel, and distribution partners and customers; wider geographic presence or greater access to larger potential customer bases; greater focus in specific geographies; lower labor and research and development costs; larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios; and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources to provide services, to make acquisitions, and to develop and introduce new products and capabilities. Intellectual Property We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, contractual provisions, and confidentiality procedures to protect our intellectual property rights. We seek to protect our proprietary inventions relevant to our business through patent protection in the United States and abroad; however, we are not dependent on any particular patent or application for the operation of our business. In addition, we have registered "Palantir" as a trademark in the United States and other jurisdictions. We also have registered trademarks for "Gotham," "Palantir Foundry," and our corporate logo, and are the registered holder of a variety of domestic and international domain names that include "Palantir," including, most importantly, "Palantir.com." In addition to the protection provided by our intellectual property rights, we enter into proprietary information and invention assignment agreements or similar agreements with our employees, consultants, and contractors. We further control the use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights through provisions in our agreements with customers. Seasonality We generally experience seasonality in the timing of recognition of revenue as a result of the timing of the execution of our contracts as we have historically executed many of our contracts in the third and fourth quarters due to the fiscal year ends and procurement cycles of our customers and at times we may start work prior to finalizing such contracts. See "Risk Factors--Seasonality may cause fluctuations in our results of operations and financial position." Employees and Human Capital Our employees are critical to the success of our business. As of December 31, 2025, we had 4,429 full-time employees, 28% of whom are employed outside of the United States. We also engage part-time employees, independent contractors, and third-party personnel to supplement our workforce. Other than in France, where we recognize a works council, we do not recognize a union or works council in respect of employees in other jurisdictions. We have not experienced any work stoppages due to employee disputes, and we believe that our employee relations are strong. Our human capital resources objectives include recruiting, retaining, training, and motivating our personnel. We strive to foster an environment which encourages active dialogue and robust engagement on the issues most salient to employee satisfaction and believe our employees are empowered to play a significant role in shaping the direction and success of the company. For example, we solicit feedback to assess the sentiment toward our values and culture, and our employees' well-being and overall health. This signal allows Palantir to get actionable feedback and drive awareness, discussion, and change across areas that our employees value. Available Information Our website is https://www.palantir.com, our investor relations website is https://investors.palantir.com, our LinkedIn account is @Palantir Technologies, and our X (formerly Twitter) account is @PalantirTech. We have used, and intend to continue to use, our website, investor relations website, and our LinkedIn and X (formerly Twitter) accounts as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The following filings are available for download free of charge through our investor relations website after we file them with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"): Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders ("Proxy Statement"), and any amendments to such filings. The SEC also maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information about issuers, like us, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov. We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs as part of our investor relations website. Further corporate governance information, including our corporate governance guidelines, code of business conduct and ethics, and committee charters is also available on our investor relations website under the heading "Governance." The contents of the websites provided above are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the section titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, before making a decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risk Factor Summary Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our Class A common stock. These risks are described more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks relating to the following: we may not be able to sustain our revenue growth; our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable; a limited number of customers account for a substantial portion of our revenue; we may not realize the full deal value of our customer contracts; we anticipate our operating expenses will continue to increase and we may not be able to maintain profitability in the future; our results of operations and our key business measures are likely to fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis; seasonality may cause fluctuations in our results of operations and financial position; we may not successfully develop and deploy new technologies (such as technologies incorporating AI) to address the needs of our customers; we may not be able to maintain and enhance our brand and reputation; our reputation and business may be harmed by news or social media coverage or other external scrutiny of Palantir or our leadership; we may be unable to hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel and senior management and deploy our personnel and resources to meet customer demand; we may be unable to successfully build, expand, and deploy our marketing and sales organization; our platforms are complex and may have a lengthy implementation process; exclusive arrangements or unique terms with customers or partners may result in significant risks or liabilities to us; we face intense competition in our markets; our platforms must operate with third-party products and services; the market for our platforms and services may develop more slowly than we expect; we may be unable to maintain or properly manage our culture as we grow; we may not enter into relationships with potential customers if we consider their activities to be inconsistent with our organizational mission or values; joint ventures, channel sales relationships, platform partnerships, and strategic alliances may be unsuccessful; we may not be successful in executing our strategy to increase our sales to larger customers; breach of the systems of any third parties upon which we rely, our customers' systems, locations, or environments, or our internal systems or unauthorized access to data; we have made and may continue to make strategic investments to support key business initiatives, including in privately-held and publicly-traded companies, as well as alternative investments, and we may not realize a return on these investments; issues raised by the use of AI (including machine learning, large language, and other generative or agentic AI models and applications, and software functionality to operationalize the foregoing) in our platforms and business may result in reputational harm or liability; we depend on computing infrastructure of third parties and they may experience errors, disruption, performance problems, or failure; we may fail to adequately obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights; we may be subject to intellectual property rights claims; there may be real or perceived errors, failures, defects, or bugs in our platforms; we rely on the availability of third-party technology that may be difficult to replace or that may cause errors; our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and non-U.S. laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and security, technology protection, and other matters; our non-U.S. sales and operations subject us to additional risks and regulations; we may encounter unfavorable outcomes in legal, regulatory, and administrative inquiries and proceedings; we may fail to receive and maintain government contracts or there may be changes in the contracting or fiscal policies of the public sector; many of our customer contracts may be terminated by the customer at any time for convenience and may contain other provisions permitting the customer to discontinue contract performance; there may be a decline in the U.S. and other government budgets, changes in spending or budgetary priorities, or delays in contract awards; and the multi-class structure of our common stock, the Founder Voting Trust Agreement, and the Founder Voting Agreement concentrate voting power with certain stockholders, in particular, Stephen Cohen, Alexander Karp, and Peter Thiel (our "Founders") and their affiliates. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth in the future. Although our revenue has increased in recent periods, there can be no assurances that our revenue will continue to grow or do so at current rates, and you should not rely on the revenue of any prior quarterly or annual period as an indication of our future performance. Our revenue growth rate has fluctuated in the past, and may continue to fluctuate in future periods. In addition, as we continue to expand our platform and product offerings, or experience greater adoption of certain of our platform and product offerings, we have and may continue to experience variability in our revenue growth in certain markets or with certain customer segments relative to other markets or customer segments. Many factors may contribute to declines or variability in our revenue growth, including macroeconomic factors, increased competition, slowing demand for our platforms from existing and new customers, a failure by us to continue capitalizing on growth opportunities, terminations of existing contracts or failure to exercise existing options by our customers, and the maturation of our business, among others. If our revenue growth or revenue growth rate declines overall, or with respect to certain areas of our business, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense, and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable. Our results of operations may fluctuate, in part, because of the intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and unpredictability of our sales cycle. As part of our standard sales efforts, we invest considerable time and expense evaluating the specific organizational needs of our potential customers and educating these potential customers about the technical capabilities and value of our platforms and services. We often also provide our platforms to potential customers (including individual users at such customers) at no or low cost initially to them for evaluation purposes through short-term pilot deployments of our platforms, including at bootcamps, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to convert customers from these short-term pilot deployments to longer-term revenue-generating contracts. We may continue to modify and update our sales efforts to meet market demand and the organizational needs of our potential customers, including to implement new go-to-market mechanisms or self-service models, or to collaborate with third party service providers, and any of these changes may not be successful and could increase our operating expenses. In addition, we have grown and may continue to grow our direct sales force, and our sales efforts have historically depended on the significant involvement of our senior management team. The length of our sales cycle, from initial demonstration of our platforms to sale of our platforms and services, tends to be long and varies substantially from customer to customer. Our sales cycle often lasts six to nine months but can extend to a year or more for some customers. Because decisions to purchase our platforms involve significant financial commitments, potential customers generally evaluate our platforms at multiple levels