111 i Table of Contents General Unless the context otherwise indicates, references in this report to the terms "Elastic," "the Company," "we," "our," and "us" refer to Elastic N.V. individually and together with its consolidated subsidiaries. All information presented herein is based on our fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months, or periods refer to the Company's fiscal years ended April 30 and the associated quarters, months, and periods within those fiscal years. We refer to our fiscal year ended April 30, 2026 as "fiscal 2026," to our fiscal year ended April 30, 2025 as "fiscal 2025," and to our fiscal year ended April 30, 2024 as "fiscal 2024." Trademarks The Elastic design logo "Elastic" and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Elastic N.V. and its subsidiaries. Other trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may appear without the or symbols. Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), which involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as "may," "might," "will," "should," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "could," "intends," "target," "projects," "contemplates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," or "continue" or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: our business strategy and our plan to build our business; the impact of macroeconomic conditions, including declining rates of economic growth, inflationary pressures, changing interest rates, changes in U.S. federal spending, evolving international trade policies and environments, and other conditions discussed in this report on information technology ("IT") spending, sales cycles, and other factors affecting the demand for our offerings and our results of operations; our product offerings, initiatives, and investments involving artificial intelligence ("AI") as well as the competitive landscape, market understanding and valuation, and regulatory scrutiny of AI technologies; our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit or gross margin, operating expenses (which include changes in sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses), and our ability to achieve and maintain profitability; our ability to continue to deliver and improve our offerings and successfully develop new offerings; customer acceptance and purchase of our existing offerings and new offerings, including expanding adoption of our cloud-based offerings; the impact of geopolitical conditions and turmoil on our business and on the businesses of our customers and partners, including their spending priorities; the impact that increased adoption of consumption-based arrangements could have on our revenue or operating results; the impact of changes to our licensing of our products, particularly Elasticsearch and Kibana; our assessments of the strength of our solutions and products; our service performance and security, including the resources and costs required to prevent, detect, and remediate potential cybersecurity incidents and other information security breaches; our ability to maintain and expand our user and customer base; continued development of the market for our products; competition from other products and companies with more resources, recognition, and presence in our industry; the impact of foreign currency exchange rate and interest rate fluctuations on our results; the pace of change and innovation in the markets in which we operate, including the rapid evolution of technology affecting our offerings and platform, such as AI, and the competitive nature of those markets; our ability to effectively manage our growth, including any changes to our pace of hiring; our international expansion strategy; our strategy of acquiring complementary businesses and our ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses and technologies; the impact of acquisitions on our future product offerings; our objectives and expectations for future operations; our relationships with and reliance on third parties, including partners; our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; our ability to develop our brands; the impact on our results of operations of expensing stock options and other equity awards; the adequacy of our capital resources; our ability to successfully defend litigation brought against us; our ability to successfully execute our go-to-market strategy, including the positioning of our solutions and products, and to expand in our existing markets and into new markets; the adequacy of our liquidity sources to meet our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months and thereafter; our ability to comply with laws and regulations that currently apply or may become applicable to our business, both in the United States and internationally; the impact that changes in tax laws could have on our estimated effective tax rates; our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; the effect of the loss of key personnel; our expectations about the impact of natural disasters and public health epidemics and pandemics on our business, results of operations, and financial condition; the seasonality of our business; the future trading prices of our ordinary shares; the expected timing, amount, and effect of our share repurchases; and our ability to service our debt obligations. In addition, statements that "we believe" and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe this information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, the information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and subject to the risks and other factors described in the section titled "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A and elsewhere in this report. Among other limitations, our forward-looking statements may not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments that we may make. As a result, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events or circumstances on the date as of which such statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date as of which they are made or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the key risks and uncertainties associated with our business, industry, and ownership of our ordinary shares. The summary below does not contain all of the information that may be important to you, and you should read this summary together with the more complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties we face, which are set forth in Part I, "Item 1A--Risk Factors" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we do not appropriately manage our future growth or are unable to improve our systems and processes, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. We have a history of losses and may not be able to achieve profitability on a consistent basis. IT spending, sales cycles, and other factors affecting the demand for our offerings and our results of operations have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by current macroeconomic conditions, including declining rates of economic growth, inflationary pressures, increased interest rates, changes in U.S. federal government spending, evolving international trade policies and environments, geopolitical turmoil, and other conditions discussed in this report. Our business, reputation, or financial results may be adversely affected by any failure by us to be successful in our AI initiatives, by significant competition we face in the AI landscape, and by uncertain market understanding and valuation of AI and machine learning technologies, and ethical and regulatory issues relating to the use of AI in our offerings may result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm, damage to our competitive position, and liability. The use of AI by our workforce may present risks to our business. We and our third-party vendors are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks and incidents that may disrupt or damage our business. Our future growth, business, and results of operations will be harmed if we are not able to keep pace with technological and competitive developments, increase sales of our subscriptions to new and existing customers, renew existing customers' subscriptions, respond effectively to evolving markets, offer high-quality support services, or maintain and enhance our brand. We may not be able to expand adoption of, or realize expected return on investments in, our cloud-based offerings. Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our consumption-based arrangements for our Elastic Cloud offerings make it difficult to accurately predict the long-term rate of customer adoption or renewal, or the impact those arrangements will have on our near-term or long-term revenue and operating results. Because we recognize the vast majority of our revenue from subscriptions, downturns or upturns in sales are not immediately reflected in full in our results of operations. We expect our revenue mix to vary over time. We may not be able to attract and retain key employees or effectively develop and expand our sales, marketing, and customer support capabilities. We may not be able to realize the benefits of our marketing strategies, such as where we offer some of our product features free of charge and provide free trials to some of our paid features. Our international business exposes us to a variety of risks, and if we are not successful in sustaining and expanding our international business, we may incur additional losses and our revenue growth could be harmed. We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. We are subject to risks associated with our receipt of revenue from sales to government entities. If our partners, including cloud providers, systems integrators, channel partners, referral partners, original equipment manufacturing ("OEM") and managed service provider ("MSP") partners, and technology partners fail to perform, or we are unable to maintain successful relationships with them, our ability to market, sell, and distribute our solution may be limited. We could be negatively impacted if the source code licenses under which some of our software is licensed are not enforceable. Our reputation could be harmed if third parties offer inadequate or defective implementations of software that we have previously made available under an open source license. Limited technological barriers to entry into the markets in which we compete may facilitate entry by other enterprises into our markets to compete with us. A real or perceived defect, security vulnerability, error, or performance failure in our software could cause us to lose revenue, damage our reputation, and expose us to financial liability. Interruptions or performance problems, and our reliance on technologies from third parties, may adversely affect our business operations and financial results. Incorrect implementation or use of our software could negatively affect our business, operations, financial results, and growth prospects. Failure to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights could substantially harm our business and results of operations. We could incur substantial costs as a result of any claim of infringement, misappropriation, or violation of another party's intellectual property rights, including as a result of the indemnity provisions in various agreements. Our use of third-party open source software within our products could negatively affect our ability to sell our products and subject us to litigation. An investment in our company is subject to tax risks based on our status as a non-U.S. corporation. Any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, or information security could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to a variety of government and industry regulations, as well as other obligations including compliance with export control, trade sanctions, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws. The market price for our ordinary shares has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business. The concentration of our share ownership with insiders will likely limit your ability to influence corporate matters, and the issuance of additional shares will dilute all other shareholders. Holders of our ordinary shares may not be able to exercise pre-emptive rights and may experience dilution upon future issuances of ordinary shares. Dutch law and our articles of association include anti-takeover provisions, and we do not comply with all suggested governance provisions of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code ("DCGC"). We do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Claims of U.S. civil liabilities may not be enforceable against us. Our share repurchase program may not be fully consummated, could increase volatility of the price of our shares, and could diminish our cash reserves. If industry or financial analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue inaccurate or unfavorable research regarding our ordinary shares, our share price and trading volume could decline. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness. We may not benefit from our acquisition strategy. Our reputation or business could be negatively impacted by environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") matters and our reporting of such matters. We may fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting. PART I Item 1. Business Overview Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables its customers to transform data into answers, actions, and outcomes with Search AI. While search technology revolutionized information retrieval through its ability to instantly return relevant results from massive datasets, it struggles when it comes to understanding context and generating insights. AI, on the other hand, excels at analyzing complex patterns and generating insights, but it lacks the ability to find and access specific information within vast data stores. The Elasticsearch Platform ("our platform") combines the precision of search with the intelligence of AI to help our customers and community solve real-time business problems, unlock potential value, and achieve better outcomes. Our platform, available as either a cloud service or a self-managed software, allows our customers to find insights and drive AI and machine learning use cases from large amounts of data. We offer three Elasticsearch-powered solutions--Search & AI, Elastic Observability, and Elastic Security--that are built on our platform. We help organizations, their employees, and their customers find what they need faster, while keeping mission-critical applications and infrastructure running smoothly and protecting against cyber threats. As digital transformation continues to drive mission-critical business functions towards increasingly complex data landscapes, we believe that every company must incorporate search AI capabilities across IT and line-of-business organizations to find the answers that matter from all of its data in real time and at scale. Our platform is able to ingest data from any source, in any format, and perform search, analysis, and visualization of that data. With Elasticsearch at its core, our platform is a highly scalable document store, columnar database, and search engine and is the unified data store for all of our solutions and use cases. Featuring a common, solution-agnostic user interface with an embedded AI agent and support for third-party AI agents, our platform offers powerful drag-and-drop visual analytics, centralized management capabilities, and the world's most downloaded open source vector database, which gives developers a full suite of sophisticated retrieval algorithms and the ability to integrate with large language models ("LLM"). It delivers the comprehensive set of capabilities developers need to build, maintain, and secure next-generation applications and services. In addition, our out-of-the-box solutions (Elastic Observability and Elastic Security) deliver fast time-to-value for common use cases and, paired with our developer-centric platform which is extensible and customizable, allow us to innovate quickly and differentiate our offerings at every level. We make our platform available as a service across major cloud providers (consisting of Amazon Web Services ("AWS"), Google Cloud Platform ("GCP"), and Microsoft Azure ("Azure")) in more than 55 public cloud regions globally. Customers can also deploy our platform across hybrid clouds, public or private clouds, and multi-cloud environments. Our business model is based primarily on a combination of paid service offerings (Elastic Cloud Hosted and Elastic Cloud Serverless) and free and paid proprietary self-managed software (Elastic Self-Managed). Our paid offerings for our platform are sold via subscription through resource-based pricing, and all customers and users have access to varying levels of features across all solutions. In Elastic Cloud, our family of cloud-based offerings, we offer various subscription tiers tied to different features. For users who download our software, we make some of the features of our software available free of charge, allowing us to engage with a broad community of developers and practitioners and introduce them to the value of our platform. We believe in the importance of an open software development model, and we develop the majority of our software in public repositories under an open source GNU Affero General Public License v3 ("AGPL") license, as well as under a proprietary license. Unlike some companies, we do not build an enterprise version that is separate from our free distribution. We maintain a single code base across both our self-managed software and Elastic-hosted services. All of these actions help us build a powerful commercial business model that we believe is optimized for product-driven growth. Elastic has always been committed to open source and an open development process with transparent and direct engagement with