has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Many of our customers and their CMs often require time-critical delivery of our products to multiple locations around the world. With sales offices located in various countries, our primary warehouse in Malaysia, and dedicated regional customer support call centers, where we address customer issues and handle logistics and other order fulfillment requirements, we believe we are well-positioned to support our customers throughout the design, technology transfer and manufacturing stages across all geographies. Our software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are in most major industries worldwide, including banks, insurance companies, other financial services providers, government agencies, global IT service providers, telecommunication providers, transportation companies, manufacturers, technology companies, retailers, educational organizations and health care institutions. Our private cloud infrastructure suite of solutions are available directly from Broadcom, resellers and distributors, hyperscale cloud providers, value-added OEMs and VMware cloud service provider partners. VCF provides license portability, which enables customers to purchase subscriptions of VCF software and move their VCF environments between on-premises data centers and supported cloud endpoints. We remain focused on strengthening relationships and increasing penetration within our existing core, mainframe, VMware, and Symantec endpoint customers and expanding the adoption of our enterprise software offerings with these customers. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. Manufacturing We focus on maintaining an efficient global supply chain and a variable, low-cost operating model. Accordingly, we outsource a majority of our manufacturing operations, utilizing third-party foundry and assembly and test capabilities, as well as some of our corporate infrastructure functions. The majority of our front-end wafer manufacturing operations is outsourced to external foundries, including Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited ("TSMC"). We use third-party CMs for a significant majority of our assembly and test operations, including TSMC, Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., Foxconn Technology Group, Amkor Technology, Inc. and Siliconware Precision Industries Co., Ltd. We use our internal fabrication facilities for products utilizing our innovative and proprietary processes, such as our FBAR filters for wireless communications and our vertical-cavity surface emitting laser and side emitting lasers based on gallium arsenide ("GaAs") and indium phosphide ("InP") lasers for fiber optic communications, while outsourcing commodity processes such as standard CMOS. By doing so, we can protect our IP and accelerate time to market for our products. The majority of our internal III-V semiconductor wafer fabrication is done in the U.S. and Singapore. We purchase materials from hundreds of suppliers on a global basis. These purchases are generally on a purchase order basis and some parts are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time and cost necessary for re-design or qualification. To address the potential disruption in our supply chain, we may use a number of techniques, including redesigning products for alternative components, making incremental or "lifetime" purchases, or qualifying more than one source of supply. Our long-term relationships with our suppliers allow us to proactively manage our technology development and product discontinuance plans, and to monitor our suppliers' financial health. We also have a long history of operating in Asia where we manufacture and source the majority of our products and materials. We store the majority of our product inventory in our warehouse in Malaysia and our presence in Asia places us in close proximity to many of our customers' manufacturing facilities. Competition The markets in which we participate are highly competitive. Our competitors range from large international companies offering a wide range of products to smaller companies specializing in narrow markets. We expect the trend toward consolidation within many industries to continue, as some of our competitors have merged with or been acquired by other competitors, while others have begun collaborating with each other. We also expect competition in these markets to continue to increase as existing competitors improve or expand their product offerings and as new companies, including some of our customers, enter the markets. Additionally, our ability to compete effectively depends on a number of factors, including: quality, technical performance, price, product features, product system compatibility, system-level design capability, engineering expertise, responsiveness to customers, new product innovation, product availability, delivery timing and reliability, and customer sales and technical support. Competitors in semiconductor solutions include integrated device manufacturers, fabless semiconductor companies and the internal resources of large integrated OEMs. In infrastructure software, we compete with large enterprise software vendors that provide cloud, security, mainframe, enterprise and other software solutions, many of whom continue to expand their product and service offerings and consolidate offerings into broad product lines, and others who are smaller, niche players focused on specific markets. Intellectual Property Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our IP. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of IP rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets and similar IP, as well as customary contractual protections with our customers, suppliers, employees and consultants, and through security measures to protect our trade secrets. We believe our current product expertise, key engineering talent and IP portfolio provide us with a strong platform from which to develop application specific products in key target markets. As of November 2, 2025, we had approximately 19,000 U.S. and other patents and 2,170 U.S. and other pending patent applications. The expiration dates of our patents range from 2025 to 2044, with a small number of patents expiring in the near future, none of which are expected to be material to our IP portfolio. We are not substantially dependent on any single patent or group of related patents. We focus our patent application program to a greater extent on those inventions and improvements that we believe are likely to be incorporated into our products, as contrasted with more basic research. However, we do not know how many of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents or the extent to which the examination process could require us to narrow our claims. We and our predecessors have also entered into a variety of IP licensing and cross-licensing arrangements that have both benefited our business and enabled some of our competitors. A portion of our revenue comes from IP licensing royalty payments and from litigation settlements relating to such IP. We also license third-party technologies that are incorporated into some elements of our design activities, products and manufacturing processes. Historically, licenses of the third-party technologies used by us have generally been available to us on acceptable terms. The industries in which we compete are characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and by the vigorous pursuit, protection and enforcement of IP rights, including by patent holding companies that do not make or sell products. Some of our customer agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party IP infringement claims arising from our products. Claims of this sort could harm our relationships with our customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. With respect to any IP rights claims against us or our customers or distributors, we may be required to defend ourselves or our customers or distributors in litigation, cease manufacturing the infringing products, pay damages, expend resources to develop non-infringing technology, seek a license which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or relinquish patents or other IP rights. In addition, the proprietary portions of our source code for our infrastructure software are protected both as a trade secret and as copyrighted works. Except with respect to software components that are subject to open source licenses, our customers do not generally have access to the source code for our software. Rather, on-premises customers typically access only the executable code for our software, and SaaS customers access only the functionality of our SaaS offerings. Under certain contingent circumstances, some of our customers are beneficiaries of a source code escrow arrangement that would enable them to obtain a limited right to access and use our source code if specific conditions are met. Employees Our continued success depends on our ability to attract, motivate and retain our workforce in a highly competitive labor market. As the source of our technological and product innovations, our engineering and technical personnel are a critical asset. We measure our employees' engagement by our voluntary attrition rate and employee feedback. Our global voluntary attrition rate in fiscal year 2025 was approximately 4.1%, which is below the technology industry benchmark (AON, 2025 Salary Increase and Turnover Study -- First Edition, May 2025). We also track the portion of our workforce in research and development roles. As of November 2, 2025, we had approximately 33,000 employees worldwide, with approximately 57% in research and development roles. By geography, approximately 49% of our employees are located in North America, 36% in Asia, and 15% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Governmental Regulation We are subject to numerous regulations and laws in the United States and abroad involving matters central to our business. Many of these laws and regulations are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain. We are subject to regulation by the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration and similar environmental, health and safety laws in other jurisdictions. We believe that our properties and operations at our facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and worker health and safety laws. However, the risk of environmental liabilities cannot be completely eliminated and there can be no assurance that the application of environmental, health and safety laws to our business will not require us to incur significant expenditures. Our semiconductor manufacturing operations and research and development involve the use of hazardous substances and are regulated under international, federal, state and local laws governing health, safety and the environment. These regulations include limitations on discharge of pollutants to air, water, and soil; remediation requirements; product chemical content limitations; manufacturing chemical use and handling restrictions; pollution control requirements; waste minimization considerations; and treatment, transport, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. We are also regulated under a number of international, federal, state and local laws regarding recycling, product packaging and product content requirements, including legislation enacted in the U.S., European Union and China, among a growing number of jurisdictions, which have placed greater restrictions on the use of lead, among other restricted substances, in electronic products, which affects materials composition and semiconductor packaging. In addition, our business is subject to various import/export regulations, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, and applicable executive orders, and rules of industrial standards bodies, like the International Organization for Standardization, as well as regulation by other agencies, such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. These laws, regulations and orders are complex, may change frequently and with limited notice, have generally and may continue to become more stringent over time. We may incur significant expenditures in future periods as a result. For additional information about governmental regulations applicable to our business, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Available Information Our website is www.broadcom.com. At the "Investor Center" page on this website, we promptly make available free of charge the reports we file or furnish pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), as well as our proxy statements. Such periodic reports, proxy statements and other information are also available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Information About Our Executive Officers The following table provides information regarding our executive officers as of December 18, 2025: Name and Title Age Position and Offices Hock E. Tan 74 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Kirsten M. Spears 61 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Mark D. Brazeal 57 Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer Charlie B. Kawwas, Ph.D. 55 President, Semiconductor Solutions Group Hock E. Tan has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since March 2006. He was President and Chief Executive Officer at Integrated Circuit Systems, Inc., a publicly traded timing solutions IC company, from 1999 until its acquisition by Integrated Device Technology, Inc. in 2005. He also served in various executive roles at ICS, including as Chief Operating Officer from 1996 to 1999 and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 1995 to 1999. He was Vice President of Finance at Commodore International, Ltd. from 1992 to 1994, and held senior management positions at PepsiCo, Inc. and General Motors Corporation. He was managing director of Pacven Investment, Ltd., a venture capital fund in Singapore, from 1988 to 1992, and was managing director of Hume Industries Ltd. in Malaysia from 1983 to 1988. He also has served as a Member of the President's National Security and Telecommunications Advisory Committee since 2020. Kirsten M. Spears has served as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer since December 2020. She served as our Principal Accounting Officer from March 2016 to December 2020 and Vice President and Corporate Controller from May 2014 to December 2020. She was Vice President and Corporate Controller at LSI Corporation from 2007 until its acquisition by us in 2014. She held several management positions in accounting and reporting at LSI from 1997 to 2007. She also worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP prior to joining LSI. Mark D. Brazeal has served as our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer since December 2021. He served as our Chief Legal Officer from March 2017 to December 2021. He was Chief Legal Officer and Senior Vice President, IP Licensing for SanDisk Corporation from 2014 until its acquisition by Western Digital Corporation in 2016. He held several senior legal positions at Broadcom Corporation from 2000 to 2014, including Senior Vice President and Senior Deputy General Counsel in charge of all commercial, operational, IP licensing and litigation matters. He was also an attorney in the transactional and IP groups at the law firms of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati PC, Yuasa & Hara and Howrey & Simon LLP prior to joining Broadcom Corporation. Charlie B. Kawwas, Ph.D. has served as our President, Semiconductor Solutions Group since July 2022. He served as our Chief Operating Officer from December 2020 to July 2022, Senior Vice President and Chief Sales Officer from June 2015 to December 2020 and Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales from May 2014 to June 2015. He was head of worldwide sales at LSI Corporation from 2010 until its acquisition by us in 2014. He held several executive leadership positions at LSI from 2007 to 2010, including Vice President of Sales and Marketing for the networking division and Vice President of Marketing for the networking and storage products group. He was also the leader of Product Line Management for the Optical Ethernet and Multi-service Edge portfolio at Nortel Networks Corporation prior to joining LSI. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business, operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our common stock. The following material factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical results and those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the SEC, press releases, communications with investors and oral statements. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, our reputation or the trading price of our common stock. Risk Factors Summary The following is a summary of the material risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. Risks Related to Our Business Adverse global economic conditions could have a negative effect on us. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations and trade restrictions. Global political and economic conditions and other factors related to our international operations could adversely affect us. We operate in a highly cyclical semiconductor industry that is undergoing profound change due to AI. A significant reduction in demand or loss of one or more of our significant customers may adversely affect us. A slow or the unsuccessful return on our investments in research and development, expansion of our business strategy or adoption of new business models could adversely affect us. Winning business in the semiconductor solutions industry is an unpredictable process that often requires us to incur significant expenses, evolve our business strategy or adopt a new business model, which may negatively impact our results of operations, gross margin or cash flows. Dependence on a limited number of contract manufacturers and suppliers of critical materials and components within our supply chain, and potential failure to adjust such manufacturing and supply chain to meet customer demand, may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and our results of operations. We are dependent on senior management and if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively. Our ability to maintain or improve gross margin. Cybersecurity threats or other security breaches, or any other impairment of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information technology ("IT") systems, or those of one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business. A prolonged disruption of our or our customers' or suppliers' facilities or other significant operations could have a material adverse effect on us. We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilities. We are subject to risks associated with our distributors and other channel partners. Failure