observability cost while improving visibility enterprise-wide. Sales and Marketing We sell our platform primarily through our direct sales team, which consists of field sales and inside sales professionals segmented by customer industry, size, and region. Our direct sales team is primarily focused on new customer acquisitions and driving increased use of our platform by existing customers. The breadth of our platform allows us to engage at every level of an organization, including data analysts, data engineers, and developers through our self-service model and senior executives through our direct sales team. The majority of our global sales and marketing efforts are carried out by teams located in North America. Outside of North America, we have dedicated direct sales teams for the EMEA and APJ regions for organizations of all sizes. In addition to direct sales, we also sell our platform through resellers and distributors. Many organizations initially adopt our platform through a self-service trial on our website. We deploy a range of marketing strategies to drive traffic to our website and usage of our platform. Our marketing team combines the creation of inbound demand with direct marketing, business development, and efforts targeted at business and technology leaders. Partnerships Our partnership strategy is focused on delivering complete end-to-end solutions, driving general awareness, and broadening our global reach, and acts as a force multiplier for our direct sales and marketing efforts. Our Snowflake Partner Network is a global program comprising system integrators, technology, software, and data providers that integrate directly with the Snowflake AI Data Cloud to enhance functionality, improve performance, and accelerate data-driven insights. These partners play a critical role in sourcing leads, executing transactions, and delivering customer outcomes, while focusing on high-value enterprise AI initiatives and digital transformation services. We are deepening technical integrations with market-leading enterprise SaaS platforms to provide a zero-copy, bi-directional data fabric that enables "data-in-place" analytics and harmonizes mission-critical business data. Our unified data and AI platform enables our partners to build and deploy AI agents in the enterprise. By leveraging Snowflake Intelligence and Snowflake Openflow, our ecosystem partners can develop intelligent agents that act on cross-organizational knowledge, supported by automated data pipelines that simplify the deployment of production-ready AI applications. Our system integrator partners, including GSIs, help accelerate platform adoption and migration by providing specialized domain expertise and services for large-scale digital transformations. Furthermore, we provide an open platform for foundational model providers to deliver leading AI models natively within our security perimeter. Additionally, with Snowflake Ventures, we continue to invest in key partners that are innovating with the AI Data Cloud, and many partners in our Powered by Snowflake Start Up program are building next-generation data-intensive applications. Over time, we expect our partner network to drive significant new customer acquisitions and sustained consumption on our platform. Research and Development Our research and development organization is responsible for the design, development, testing, and delivery of new technologies, features, integrations, and improvements of our platform. It is also responsible for operating and scaling our platform, including the underlying public cloud infrastructure. Our research and development employees are located primarily in or around Bellevue, Washington and Menlo Park, California in the United States, and internationally in Berlin, Germany; Toronto, Canada; Warsaw, Poland; and San Jos , Costa Rica. Our research and development organization consists of teams specializing in software engineering, user experience, product management, data science, technical program management, and technical writing. As of January 31, 2026, we had 2,424 employees in our research and development organization. We intend to continue to invest in our research and development capabilities to expand our platform. Our Competition The markets we serve are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. With the introduction of new technologies and innovations, we expect the competitive environment to remain intense. Our competition includes the following: large, well-established, public cloud providers that generally compete in all of our markets, including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure (Azure), and Google Cloud Platform (GCP); less-established public and private cloud companies with products that compete in some or all of our markets; other established vendors of legacy database solutions or big data offerings; existing observability solution providers, particularly those with strong technological, marketing, and sales positions; and new or emerging entrants seeking to develop competing technologies. We believe we compete favorably based on the following competitive factors: ability to provide and innovate around an architecture that is purpose-built for the cloud; ability to efficiently and seamlessly ingest diverse data types in one location at scale; ability to drive business value and ROI; ability to support multiple use cases in one platform, including various industry-specific use cases; ability to provide seamless and secure access of data to many users simultaneously; ability to seamlessly and securely share and move data across public clouds or regions; ability to provide a consistent user experience across multiple public cloud providers; ability to provide pricing transparency and optimized price-performance benefits; ability to elastically scale up and scale down in high-intensity use cases; ability to provide interoperability and integrations across open formats, tools, applications, and platforms; ease of deployment, implementation, and use; use of AI and timely availability of leading, enterprise-grade large language models and AI agents; choice of programming language; performance, scalability, and reliability; ability to provide business continuity and disaster recovery across multiple public cloud providers; security and governance; and quality of service and customer satisfaction. See the section titled "Risk Factors" for a more comprehensive description of risks related to competition. Seasonality Historically, we have received a higher volume of orders from new and existing customers in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year. As a result, we have historically seen higher net cash provided by operating activities and non-GAAP free cash flow in the first and fourth fiscal quarters of each year, and our sequential growth in remaining performance obligations has historically been highest in the fourth fiscal quarter of each year. In addition, while historically revenue has been higher in our fourth fiscal quarter, it is also the most negatively impacted by reduced holiday consumption. For more information, including a definition of non-GAAP free cash flow and a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities, which is the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), to free cash flow, see the section titled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Human Capital Resources General As of January 31, 2026, we had 9,060 employees operating across 36 countries. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union with respect to his or her employment. In certain countries in which we operate, we are subject to, and comply with, local labor law requirements, which include works councils, labor unions, and industry-wide collective bargaining agreements. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. Location We are a Delaware corporation with a globally distributed workforce. We recruit and hire employees in jurisdictions around the world based on a range of factors, including the available talent pool, the type of work being performed, the relative cost of labor, regulatory requirements and costs, and other considerations. The majority of our personnel work from physical offices. Culture and Engagement We consider our culture and employees to be important to our success. Our culture is driven by our core company values: Put Customers First : We only succeed when our customers succeed, so we focus on what matters most to them. Integrity Always : We are open, honest, and respectful. Think Big : We set big goals that will make a positive impact and a lasting difference. Be Excellent : We hold ourselves to the highest standards to achieve quality and excellence in everything we do. Make Each Other the Best : We bring ideas and people together through respect and collaboration. Get it Done : We follow through on our commitments and deliver results. Own It : We hold ourselves accountable at all times. Embrace Each Other's Differences : We are mindful that everyone has different experiences, and we use our differences to strengthen who we are. Total Rewards and Talent Management Our ability to execute our strategy depends on attracting and retaining a highly skilled workforce, particularly in software engineering, sales, and management. To maintain a competitive advantage, we focus on three pillars: Competitive Compensation : We utilize a mix of fixed and variable cash compensation designed to reward performance against defined business results and core values. Equity Alignment : We grant equity awards to align employee interests with long-term stockholder value. Additionally, our 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) allows eligible participants to purchase shares at a 15% discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. Global Benefits & Development : We provide comprehensive benefits tailored to local markets that meet or exceed statutory requirements. Beyond financial rewards, we invest in our human capital through structured career development and growth opportunities. Intellectual Property Intellectual property rights are important to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with third parties, and other contractual protections, to protect our intellectual property rights, including our proprietary technology, software, know-how, and brand. We use open-source software in our platform. As of January 31, 2026, we held more than 1,050 issued U.S. patents and had more than 320 U.S. patent applications pending. We also held more than 150 issued patents in foreign jurisdictions. As of January 31, 2026, we held more than 45 registered trademarks in the United States, and also held more than 800 registered or protected trademarks in foreign jurisdictions. We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property. Although we rely on intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as contractual protections to establish and protect our proprietary rights, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, creation of new services, features and functionality, and frequent enhancements to our platform are more essential to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position. We control access to and use of our proprietary technology and other confidential information through the use of internal and external controls, including technical controls and contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers, and partners. We require our employees, consultants, and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements, and we control and monitor access to our software, documentation, proprietary technology, and other confidential information. Our policy is to require all employees and independent contractors to sign agreements assigning to us any inventions, trade secrets, works of authorship, developments, processes, and other intellectual property generated by them on our behalf and under which they agree to protect our confidential information. In addition, we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our customers and partners. See the section titled "Risk Factors" for a more comprehensive description of risks related to our intellectual property. Government Regulation Our business activities are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws, rules, and regulations. Compliance with these laws, rules, and regulations has not had a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations, and competitive position as compared to prior periods. Nevertheless, compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those related to global trade, business acquisitions, consumer and data protection, AI, government contracts, environmental or related requirements or disclosures, and taxes, could have a material impact on our business in future periods. For more information on the potential impacts of government regulations affecting our business, see the section titled "Risk Factors." Available Information Our website address is www.snowflake.com. Information found on, or accessible through, our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file electronically with the SEC our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We make available on our website at www.snowflake.com, free of charge, copies of these reports and other information as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below. You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the sections titled "Special Note about Forward-Looking Statements" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making an investment decision. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or growth prospects. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. You should not interpret our disclosure of any of the following risks to imply that such risks have not already materialized. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations We have experienced rapid revenue growth and have a limited operating history, both of which make it difficult to forecast our future results of operations. Our revenue was $4.7 billion, $3.6 billion, and $2.8 billion for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2026, 2025, and 2024, respectively. As a result of our historical rapid growth, limited operating history, large number of new product features, including those incorporating artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning technology (collectively, AI Technology), and unstable macroeconomic conditions, our ability to accurately forecast our future results of operations, including revenue, gross margin, remaining performance obligations (RPO), and the percentage of RPO we expect to recognize as revenue in future periods, is limited and subject to a number of uncertainties, including our ability to plan for and model future growth and platform consumption. Our historical revenue growth should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Further, our revenue growth could slow or our revenue could decline for a number of reasons, including increased competition; changes to technology, such as changes in software or underlying cloud infrastructure or the increasing prominence of new technology like AI; reputational harm; changes in macroeconomic conditions; and reduced demand for our platform. For example, customers may continue to optimize consumption, rationalize budgets, and prioritize cash flow management, including by reducing storage through shorter data retention policies and shortening committed contract durations. As a result of the foregoing and our rapid revenue growth in prior periods, our revenue growth rate has slowed in recent periods. Any further declines in our revenue growth rate could adversely affect investors' perceptions of our business, and negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. Our revenue growth is also dependent on our ability to increase our penetration into existing markets, and to successfully enter and grow new markets, including highly-regulated markets such as financial services, healthcare, and the public sector. Sales to highly-regulated entities are subject to substantial additional costs and risks that are not present in sales to other customers, which are described below in the risk factor titled " We do business with federal, state, local, and foreign governments and agencies, and heavily regulated organizations; as a result, we face heightened risks related to special contract terms, non-standard product deployments, supply chain restrictions, and compliance with additional processes, rules, and regulations. " We have also encountered, and will continue to encounter, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, such as the risks and uncertainties described below. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties and our future revenue growth are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our operating and financial results could differ materially from our expectations, and our business could suffer. We may not have visibility into our future financial position and results of operations. Customers generally consume our platform by using compute, storage, and/or data transfer resources. Unlike a subscription-based business model, in which revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the subscription, we generally recognize revenue on consumption. Because our customers have flexibility in the timing of their consumption, we do not have the visibility into the timing of revenue recognition that a typical subscription-based software company has. Customer consumption fluctuates from time to time, and there is a risk that customers will consume our platform at lower levels than we expect, including in response to new software releases or hardware improvements that may make our platform more efficient, adverse macroeconomic conditions, or holidays. Unexpected fluctuations in customer consumption may cause actual results to differ from our forecasts. As a result, our results of operations in a given period should not be relied upon as indicative of future performance. We have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. We have experienced net losses in each period since inception. We generated net losses of $1.3 billion, $1.3 billion and $838.0 million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2026, 2025 and 2024, respectively. As of January 31, 2026 and 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of $9.5 billion and $7.3 billion, respectively. We expect our costs and expenses to continue to increase in future periods. In particular, we intend to continue to invest significant resources to further develop our platform, expand our research and development teams, retain our employees, and acquire other businesses, including in the areas of data science, AI, and machine learning.