our own private cloud as well as public cloud service providers, who provide infrastructure-as-a-service, including servers, storage, databases and networking. Our data centers, along with our environments hosted by public cloud service providers, have been configured in pairs to provide replication, redundancy and high availability. We currently operate data centers in North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia, and we regularly evaluate our data center operations and capacity needs in existing and new geographies. We also offer customers the option to deploy our services on dedicated hardware within our data centers. In addition, our architecture supports deployment in customer-managed data centers or third-party data centers, which may be required to meet certain regulatory or security requirements. While these alternatives may have some limitations relative to our managed cloud and public cloud offerings, a minority of customers use them. We provide standard and enhanced support for these deployments consistent with the support provided to customers using our managed data centers. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of U.S. and international copyright, trade secret, patent and trademark laws, as well as contractual agreements, confidentiality protections and internal procedures, to protect and expand our intellectual property ("IP") rights. We enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with employees, partners, vendors, consultants and other third parties, and we limit access to our IP and other proprietary information. We also purchase or license IP and technology for incorporation into our products or services. We continue to expand our global patent portfolio and other IP rights relevant to our business. Our ability to protect our core technology and IP is an important factor to our success. As of December 31, 2025, we had over 2,000 issued U.S. and foreign patents, including patents acquired from third parties, and had over 580 pending patent applications. We do not consider our business to be materially dependent on any single patent or group of related patents. For additional information, see "Risk Factors--We may not be able to protect or enforce our IP rights." Research and Development Our research and development organization is responsible for the design, development, testing and validation of our solutions. We focus on creating new services and core technologies and enhancing the functionality, reliability and performance of existing solutions. We also use our own products to collect real-time feedback on new and existing features as part of what we call our "Now on Now" program which informs product refinement and helps improve the customer experience. By incorporating insights from the Now on Now program and evaluating emerging technologies, we aim to anticipate customer needs and introduce new solutions-oriented features and services to the market quickly. Additionally, we deploy our engineers to work directly with strategic customers through our Now Next AI program, where we co-build agentic AI solutions to solve their critical challenges, while simultaneously expanding our AI product capabilities and use cases. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in research and development to expand our Platform capabilities, strengthen existing applications, increase the number of applications on our platform, and advance mobile, automation, AI and machine intelligence technologies. 2025 Annual Report Part I Acquisitions and Investments We have acquired and invested in companies and technologies as part of our business strategy and expect to continue to evaluate and enter into potential strategic transactions. These may include acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies, services, products and other assets. These transactions are intended to expand or improve our service offerings, enhance go-to-market and sales efforts, strengthen operations, increase access to expertise and support delivery of products and services to international markets. Competition We operate in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving market characterized by fragmentation, low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. As our business expands and the industries in which we operate continue to evolve, we compete with a broad range of solutions and alternative approaches, including: enterprise application software vendors, both cloud-based and on-premises, such as Microsoft, Oracle, SAP, Salesforce and Workday; new technologies and entrants, including point-solutions and platform solutions, particularly those related to AI; custom-developed and in-house solutions; technology consulting firms; systems integrators; and software resellers. For additional information about competition, see "Risk Factors--A failure to innovate and adapt how we offer our products in response to rapidly evolving technological changes and in the midst of an intensely competitive market may harm our competitive position and business prospects." Regulations We conduct business globally and are subject to a wide range of U.S. federal, state and foreign laws and regulations across a variety of subject matters. The Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K includes additional information regarding government regulations relevant to our business. Part I Our Ambition, Values and Corporate Purpose Our ambition to become the defining AI enterprise software company of the 21st century is the driving force behind our overall business strategy and is guided by our values: Customers are the center of our world. We strive to deliver the best customer experiences and innovations. We share the same goals and have clear roles in achieving them. We deliver results as a team and enjoy the journey. We do not take success for granted. We are always ready to learn and evolve. We grow together, bringing fresh ideas and new perspectives. We lead with empathy, which means listening and making everyone feel they belong with ServiceNow. Our values have remained consistent as our business and workforce have expanded. By prioritizing these values, we seek to build trust with employees and customers and align with our corporate purpose to "make the world work better for everyone." 2025 Annual Report Part I Human Capital Management Our People Pact Our People Pact is central to our ability to fulfill our corporate purpose and reflects our commitment to supporting one another in doing our best work and achieving our shared objectives. To deliver on this commitment, we follow a global people strategy that serves as the foundation for how we plan and deliver on employee programming and experiences, built on three principles: People Led Data Driven AI Powered We apply a product mindset that puts the user at the center of program, process and service design. We use data to promote accountability, tell meaningful talent stories and support evidence-based decision- making. We use AI in talent management to enhance efficiency, while supporting, not replacing, human contributions. Our culture is grounded in our values. We gather feedback regularly and use this input to shape programs and address workforce needs globally. Our Employee Voice Survey ("EVS") measures engagement across areas including belonging, learning and development, recognition, compensation and wellbeing. Insights from our EVS are used to create action plans throughout the organization and to assess the alignment of our human capital management practices with our purpose and business strategy. Learning and Development In 2025, we launched ServiceNow University, our AI-powered learning hub that provides professional development tools and resources to strengthen learners' technical AI skills, industry knowledge and leadership capabilities, among others. It is free and available to organizations and individuals throughout the entire ServiceNow ecosystem--employees, customers and partners. ServiceNow University also supports our upskilling initiative, RiseUp with ServiceNow, which provides training and opportunities for individuals without traditional technology backgrounds to pursue technology careers and helps address talent needs across our ecosystem. Total Rewards We provide a total rewards program intended to attract, retain and motivate employees. All our employees are eligible to participate in our annual cash bonus plan or, for those in quota-carrying roles, our sales commission plan, in addition to base salary. We also have a broad-based discretionary equity incentive program and an employee stock purchase plan, which enable employees to share in our success. Our benefits and wellbeing programs address physical, emotional, social and financial wellbeing. We also provide additional time away through "Wellbeing Days" to support employee health and wellbeing. Part I Workforce Metrics As of December 31, 2025, we employed: 29,187 EMPLOYEES on a full-time basis 14,601 of whom are in the United States 14,586 of whom are international None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. In certain countries, employees are represented by workers' councils or employee representatives or have the benefits of collective bargaining arrangements at the national and/or sector level. We have not experienced interruptions of operations or work stoppages due to labor disagreements. Available Information You can obtain copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings with the SEC, and all amendments to these filings, free of charge through our website at www.servicenow.com/company/investor-relations/sec-filings.html as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The contents of, or information accessible through, these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information through our investor relations website (https://www.servicenow.com/company/investor-relations.html), SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and social media. We use these channels, including our website and social media, to communicate with our investors and the public about our company, our products and solutions and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in our company to review the information we make available on our website and the social media channels listed there. 2025 Annual Report Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our securities involves risks. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision. The occurrence of any of the following risks, or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, stock price or reputation. The following risks have been grouped by categories and are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence. Risk Factors Summary This summary provides an overview of the risks we face and should not be considered a substitute for the more fulsome risk factors discussed immediately following this summary. Risks Related to Our Ability to Grow Our Business Laws, regulations and customer expectations regarding the use, storage and movement of data may restrict our ability to continue to optimize our platform. A failure to innovate and adapt how we offer our products in response to rapidly evolving technological changes and in the midst of an intensely competitive market may harm our competitive position and business prospects. We may not successfully increase our penetration of international markets or manage risks associated with foreign markets. Incorporating AI technology into our offerings may result in operational, legal, regulatory, ethical and other challenges. We rely on our network of partners for an increasing portion of our revenues, and if these partners fail to perform, our business may be harmed. Doing business with the public sector and heavily-regulated entities subjects us to risks related to government procurement processes, regulations and contracting requirements. If we fail to comply with applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, export control laws, economic and trade sanctions laws, or other global trade laws, we could be subject to penalties and civil and/or criminal sanctions and our business could be materially adversely affected. Our customer deals are becoming more complex, which tend to involve longer, more expensive sales cycles, increased pricing pressure, and implementation and configuration challenges. As we acquire or invest in companies and technologies, we may not realize the expected business or financial benefits and the acquisitions and investments may divert our management's attention and result in additional shareholder dilution or costs. Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business Actual or perceived cybersecurity events experienced by us or our third-party service providers may create the perception that our platform is not secure, and we may lose customers or incur significant liabilities. We may lose key members of our management team or qualified employees or may not be able to attract and retain employees we need. Part I Delays in the release of, or actual or perceived defects in, our products may slow the adoption of our latest technologies, reduce our ability to efficiently provide services, decrease customer satisfaction and adversely impact future product sales. Disruptions or defects in our services could damage our customers' businesses, subject us to substantial liability and harm our business. Delays in improving our information systems and processes could interfere with our ability to support our existing and growing base of customers and employees as we scale. We may not be able to protect or enforce our IP rights. Our use of open-source software could harm our ability to sell our products and services and subject us to possible litigation. Various factors, including our customers' business, integration, migration, compliance and security requirements or errors by us, our partners or our customers, may cause implementations of our products to be delayed, inefficient or otherwise unsuccessful. Our failure or perceived failure to achieve our corporate sustainability goals or maintain corporate sustainability practices that meet evolving stakeholder expectations could adversely affect us. We may face natural disasters, including climate change, and other events beyond our control. Risks Related to the Financial Performance or Financial Position of Our Business Because we generally recognize revenues from our subscription services over the subscription term, a decrease in new subscriptions or renewals may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. As our business grows, we expect our revenue growth rate to decline over the long term. Changes in our effective tax rate or disallowance of our tax positions may adversely affect our business. We may be adversely affected by our debt service obligations. Risks Related to General Economic Conditions Our industry and business may be harmed by global economic conditions. We may be harmed by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock Our stock price is likely to continue to be volatile. Provisions in our governing documents or Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control or changes in our management and, therefore, depress our stock price. Risks Related to Our Ability to Grow Our Business Laws, regulations and customer expectations regarding the use, storage and movement of data may restrict our ability to continue to optimize our platform. Governments have adopted, and likely will continue to adopt, laws and regulations affecting the use, storage and movement of data, including laws related to data privacy and security, the use of machine learning and AI, and data sovereignty or residency requirements. Changing laws, regulations and standards applying to the collection, storage, use, sharing, portability, transfer or other control or processing of data, including personal data, could affect our ability to efficiently and cost-effectively offer our services and to develop our products and services for maximum utility, as well as our customers' ability to use data or share data. Such changes may restrict our ability 2025 Annual Report Part I to use, store or otherwise process customer data in connection with providing services and could alter or increase our compliance requirements. In some cases, this could impact our ability to offer our services in certain locations or our customers' ability to deploy our services globally. For example, the EU Data Act has data portability, interoperability and accessibility requirements, as well as unclear data transfer restrictions that could impact our operations. In addition, the Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework, which facilitates the transfer of data between the United States ("U.S.") and European Union ("EU"), may be subject to legal challenges and regulatory interpretations that could create uncertainties and impact our operations and compliance obligations. We offer some region-specific services where customer data is hosted locally and customers may elect to receive support from locally-based ServiceNow teams. Setting up and maintaining these region-specific services require significant investment, including to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Actual or perceived non-compliance with those laws, regulations, or the terms of our region-specific service offerings may result in investigations or proceedings against us by regulatory authorities or others, significant fines or damages, orders, litigation, reputational harm and other adverse impacts on our business. We will also need to continually adapt to customer privacy and security requirements as they change over time. For example, as customers increasingly adopt a hybrid (on-premises and off-premises/hyperscale cloud) approach for their IT workloads, our cloud services may fail to address evolving customer requirements, including data localization. Further, due to heightened concerns relating to privacy and security regulatory matters, our customers from time to time request certain certifications, and a failure to obtain or consistently maintain those certifications may adversely impact our reputation and business. A failure to innovate and adapt how we offer our products in response to rapidly evolving technological changes and in the midst of an intensely competitive market may harm our competitive position and business prospects. We compete in markets that evolve rapidly. The pace of innovation will continue to accelerate as customers recognize the advantages of acquiring leading digital technologies and adopting AI native solutions and modern cloud-based infrastructure. Cutting-edge capabilities such as AI, machine learning, hyper automation, low-code/no-code application development, system observability and predictive insights become increasingly relevant to the customer's evolving needs. With this rapid evolution, we are increasingly competing with alternative solutions and approaches to solve customer needs, and we expect additional competition as we shift our products and services to compete with providers in new and adjacent markets. Competitors, regardless of their size, may be able to respond more quickly and effectively to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards, customer requirements and buying practices. They may introduce new technology, solve similar problems