gain additional subscriptions by targeting new functional areas and business units. For example, in fiscal 2026, we introduced Flex Credits, a new subscription-based flexible pricing model for certain AI solutions and platform capabilities, designed to make AI use simple, flexible, and scalable for our customers. Partner Ecosystem As a core part of our strategy, we continue to grow our global ecosystem of partners that build new applications and solutions on the Workday platform, source new business with Workday, and deliver quality services and customer outcomes with Workday. These relationships include innovation, sales, services, and strategic partners. Together, Workday and our partners help our customers to better manage their people, money and AI agents. Workday Build, announced in fiscal 2026, will enable our partners to create and scale AI-powered solutions directly on Workday, and the new AI developer toolset, introduced in fiscal 2026, will help further enable partner developers to customize and connect AI applications and agents on the Workday platform. Workday Marketplace allows customers to find applications, Industry Accelerators, and other integrations and solutions that are purpose-built to complement the Workday platform in targeted countries and industries. Our Industry Accelerator program combines Workday partners, solutions, and services to help speed cloud transformation efforts tailored to solve our customers' industry-specific challenges. With our strategic partnerships, one aim is to extend the value of the Workday platform and deliver compelling health and financial wellbeing employee services. Strategic partnerships with public cloud providers, including Amazon Web Services, Inc. ("AWS") and Google Cloud, allow our customers to innovate with modern cloud infrastructure services while reducing their committed spend on cloud. Our global partnerships with payroll providers, including Automatic Data Processing, Inc. ("ADP"), Remote Technology, Inc., and Strada, enable integrated and streamlined payroll solutions across the world. In fiscal 2026, we also introduced the Workday Agent Partner Network, a global ecosystem of partners building AI agents that will connect with Workday. For example, our partnership with Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft"), announced in fiscal 2026, will enable customers to register and manage agents they build using Microsoft's systems within the Workday Agent System of Record. Customers We sell to emerging, medium-sized, and large global organizations that span numerous industry categories, including financial services, government, healthcare, higher education, hospitality, manufacturing, professional and business services, retail, technology and media, and transportation. 4 Table of Contents We have built a company culture centered around customer success and satisfaction. As part of their subscription, customers are provided support services and tools to enhance their experience with Workday solutions. This includes 24/7 support; training; a Customer Success Management group to assist customers in production; and Workday Community, an online portal where customers can collaborate and share knowledge and best practices. In addition, we offer Workday Success Plans, a comprehensive, add-on subscription service that delivers continuous value for our customers through strategic advice, product expertise, adoption resources, on-demand education, and technical guidance. We also offer extensive customer training opportunities and a professional services ecosystem of experienced Workday consultants and system integrators to help customers achieve a timely adoption of Workday and enable them to enhance the value of our applications over the life of their subscription. Seasonality We have experienced seasonality in terms of when we enter into customer agreements for our services. Historically, we have signed a significantly higher percentage of agreements with new customers, as well as renewal agreements with existing customers, in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year due to customer buying patterns. Although these seasonal factors are common in the technology industry, historical patterns should not be considered a reliable indicator of our future sales activity or performance. Competition The overall market for enterprise application software, including AI-powered solutions, is rapidly evolving, highly competitive, and subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products. We currently compete with large, well-established, enterprise software vendors, such as Oracle Corporation (" Oracle ") and SAP SE ("SAP"). We also face competition from other enterprise software vendors, from regional competitors that only operate in certain geographic markets, from vendors of specific applications that address only one or a portion of our applications, and from vendors that specialize in specific industries in which we provide services, some of which offer cloud-based or AI-powered solutions. These vendors include, without limitation, Anaplan, Inc.; ADP; Coupa Software Inc.; Dayforce, Inc.; Microsoft; NetSuite; ServiceNow, Inc.; and UKG Inc. In addition, other cloud or AI platform companies that provide services in different target markets or industries may develop applications or acquire companies that operate in our target markets or industries, and some potential customers may elect to develop their own internal applications. However, the domain and industry expertise that is required for a successful solution in the areas of financial management and HCM may inhibit new entrants, who may also be unable to invest the necessary capital to accurately address global requirements and regulations. We expect continued consolidation in our industry that could lead to significantly increased competition. We believe the principal competitive factors in our markets include: level of customer satisfaction and quality of customer references; ability to innovate and rapidly respond to customer needs, such as the integration of AI into product offerings; capacity to embed and leverage AI-based solutions responsibly; speed to deploy and ease of use; breadth and depth of application functionality; total cost of ownership and flexibility of payment terms; brand awareness and reputation; adaptive technology platform; capability for configuration, integration, security, scalability, and reliability of applications; operational excellence to ensure system availability, scalability, and performance; domain and industry expertise in applicable laws and regulations; size of customer base and level of user adoption; customer confidence in financial stability and future viability; existing relationships with key senior business leaders; ability to integrate with legacy enterprise infrastructure and third-party applications; and capacity to mobilize an ecosystem to serve customers with services and solutions. We believe that we compete favorably based on these factors. Our ability to remain competitive will largely depend on our ongoing performance in product development and customer support. For more information regarding the competitive risks we face, see "Risk Factors" included in Part I, Item 1A of this report. 5 Table of Contents Human Capital Workday was founded with the idea of putting people at the center of enterprise software, which is why employees are our number one core value. As of January 31, 2026, our global workforce consisted of over 21,000 employees in 36 countries, of which approximately 58% were located in the U.S. and 42% were located internationally. Maintaining strong employee relations is a priority and we consider our relations with our employees to be positive. Our Chief People Officer is responsible for developing and executing Workday's human capital strategy, including programs focused on total rewards; workforce planning and our skills-based hiring approach; employee skills, development, engagement, and wellbeing; and our inclusive, high-performance culture. Our Chief People Officer and our CEO regularly update our Board of Directors and the Compensation Committee on human capital matters and seek their input on subjects such as succession planning, executive compensation, and our company-wide people programs. Total Rewards Our compensation philosophy is designed to establish and maintain a fair and flexible compensation program that attracts and rewards talented individuals who possess the skills necessary to support our near-term objectives, create long-term value for our stockholders, grow our business, and assist in the achievement of our strategic goals. We believe that providing employees with competitive pay that rewards and reflects outstanding performance, ownership in the company, and a wide range of benefits is fundamental to employees feeling valued, motivated, and recognized for their contributions. Equity ownership is a key element of our compensation program, allowing employees to share in Workday's successes and aligning the interests of our employees with our stockholders. Additionally, our total rewards package includes a cash bonus program, an employee stock purchase plan, healthcare and retirement benefits, paid time off, family leave, and other wellness programs. We also offer specialized benefits such as a holistic global mental and emotional health program, onsite and virtual healthcare resources, a financial wellness program, and support for fertility options and new parents, as well as reimbursement of adoption costs. Our Commitment to Pay Parity We believe that all employees deserve to be paid fairly and equitably and be afforded an equal chance to succeed. We have a market-based pay structure that compares our roles to those of our peers in each region. This process helps ensure we pay according to the market value of the jobs we offer. We also have processes in place to make pay decisions based on internally consistent and fair criteria. Each year, we conduct a company-wide pay equity analysis to help ensure pay equity among employees in similar roles. If we identify differences in pay, we research those differences and, where appropriate, make adjustments to employees' pay. VIBE: Value Inclusion and Belonging for Everyone We strive to be a workplace where all employees are valued for their unique perspectives and where we collectively contribute to Workday's success and innovation. VIBE Value Inclusion and Belonging for Everyone is our approach to building an environment where all employees can thrive. Whether through creating resources that strengthen our culture, building inclusive products and technology, or developing great talent, we are building a vibrant workplace that fuels collaboration. Our 13 Employee Belonging Councils ("EBCs") play an integral role in fostering our culture. These community-led groups are open to all employees and focus on building connections, fostering ideation, and driving innovation. As of January 31, 2026, over a quarter of our employees were members of one or more EBCs. We acknowledge that skills, education, and lived and learned experiences are gained in a variety of ways that are often not recognized in the traditional recruiting process, which is why we take a holistic approach to talent acquisition that prioritizes a skills-based approach. By standardizing practices to attract and evaluate talent fairly, minimize barriers and biases, and promote a skills-first hiring approach, we aim to deliver a meaningful and positive experience for all. Learning and Development Our employees tell us they are most engaged when they are continuously being exposed to new things, empowered to build new skills, and able to make an impact. Our employees have instant access to training via several industry-leading learning platforms, which provide our global workforce with convenient, timely access to content from subject matter experts. We offer a number of educational resources, development opportunities, and a support community to guide employees throughout their Workday careers. For example, we developed Career Hub which helps our employees share skills and interests and receive relevant connections, curated learning content, and recommended jobs to help them on their career journeys. Using Workday AI, Career Hub provides workers with suggestions to grow their skills and capabilities and encourages them to build a plan as they explore opportunities for continued career development. 6 Table of Contents Additionally, to foster a strong culture of compliance and ethics, we conduct annual compliance and ethics training of our Code of Conduct for all employees. In fiscal 2026, we had a 100% completion rate for our annual Code of Conduct training. Communication and Engagement Our culture and how we treat people are paramount at Workday, and we believe that being transparent and facilitating information sharing are key to our success. Workday leverages multiple communication channels to engage and inform employees, including company meetings, functional town halls, internal websites, and social collaboration tools. We also encourage regular 1:1 sessions and quarterly check-ins between managers and employees to provide individual performance feedback, and the use of our peer recognition platform. We believe that understanding what our employees want and supporting them effectively is critical to retaining our highest performing employees and attracting top talent. We use Workday Peakon Employee Voice, powered by Workday AI, to collect and analyze feedback in real time from our employees, garner insights and recommendations, and turn that feedback into dialog and action. Since we introduced Workday Peakon Employee Voice in fiscal 2022, employees have provided over 760,000 confidential comments on the platform through surveys sent to all employees each week, which reflects strong engagement. We receive data points from these surveys that help us identify actions to take to improve our company and our culture. Buoyed by the opportunities offered by our own technology, our talent philosophy puts employees at the center of their own career and performance journey by providing them the tools and framework to further their careers. We have done this by establishing a clear philosophy and set of expectations. Every employee receives enablement on our performance and growth philosophy, what's expected of them, and how to leverage these practices to ensure their own personal success and career growth at Workday. Our talent and performance dashboard provides a snapshot view of performance-related tasks, with a visual summary of goals, feedback, and growth opportunities. Employees can take action to update their contributions, capabilities, career, and connections using the quick links provided in the dashboard. Health, Safety, and Wellbeing At Workday, we take a holistic approach to our employees' health and wellbeing and have created programs that focus on four core dimensions: Physical; Mental and Emotional; Financial; and Social and Flex. These programs go beyond traditional medical benefits and wellness offerings and allow employees to focus on their personal wellness goals as well as their mental health, and enable them to bring their best selves to work. Our hybrid work model provides flexibility for our employees to work from home, while still bringing people together to foster collaboration and innovation. We offer new remote-based employees a stipend to enable them to have a comfortable work-from-home environment. To help keep health and mental wellness top of mind, we offer a series of programs and communications focused on mental health. These include tools and resources related to sleep, healthy eating, and mindfulness, as well as our Employee Assistance Program to, among other things, facilitate timely access to culturally responsive mental health support for employees and their family members. Our Global Workplace Safety team supports the traditional corporate areas of employee health and safety and physical security for Workday on a global scale. From the workplace to work-related travel, we strive to keep our employees safe with programs including safety awareness training, emergency response protocols, and our ergonomics and life safety team programs. Giving and Doing Workday's Giving & Doing program embodies our belief in making a positive impact beyond our organizational walls, empowering employees to engage in charitable efforts, community service, and volunteerism. On top of our strategic, company-led social impact and employee volunteerism efforts, we also believe that giving back is even more rewarding when people get to make an impact through their favorite causes. We encourage and support employee giving and volunteering through programs such as our charitable donation matching gift program, our volunteer grant program, our paid time off benefit for employees to volunteer and give back to their communities, and our team volunteer experience, where employee teams of five or more can volunteer with a charity partner of their choice and receive grants of up to $5,000. 7 Table of Contents Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trade secrets, patents, copyrights, and trademarks, as well as contractual protections, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We require our employees, contractors, consultants, suppliers, partners, and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements, and we control access to software, documentation, and other proprietary information. Although we rely on intellectual property rights, as well as contractual protections and controls, to establish and protect our proprietary rights, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel; creation of new products, features, and functionality; and frequent enhancements to our applications are more essential to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position. Governmental Regulation As a public company with global operations, we are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations. These laws and regulations, which may differ among jurisdictions, include, among others, those related to financial and other disclosures, accounting standards, privacy and data protection, cybersecurity, intellectual property, AI ethics and machine learning, corporate governance, tax, government contracting, trade, antitrust, employment, immigration and travel, import/export, and anti-corruption. The costs to comply with these governmental regulations are not material to the understanding of our business. For a further discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact us, see "Risk Factors" included in Part I, Item 1A of this report. Available Information Our website is located at www.workday.com and our investor relations website is located at www.investor.workday.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at www.workday.com/sec-filings as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Workday also uses its websites, including its investor relations website and blogs.workday.com as a means of disclosing information about Workday, including information that could be deemed material by investors. Information contained on or accessible through any website referenced herein is not part of, or incorporated by reference in, this Form 10-K, and the inclusion of such website addresses is as inactive textual references only. Workday, the Workday logo, Flowise, Paradox, Sana, Pipedream, Adaptive Planning, Peakon, VNDLY, HiredScore, Conversational ATS, VIBE, and Evisort are trademarks of Workday, Inc., which may be registered in the U.S. and elsewhere. Other trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this report are the property of their respective owners. 8 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all