acquire CyberArk Software Ltd. ("CyberArk"), an identity security company, which acquisition is expected to close during the second half of our fiscal 2026. For additional information related to the impact of acquisitions to our business, see Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" in this Form 10-K. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business, and that our success depends, in part, on our ability to protect and use our core technology and intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of trademarks, patents, copyrights, trade secrets, license agreements, intellectual property assignment agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements, and employee non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements to establish, protect and control the use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights. We continue to grow our global portfolio of intellectual property rights in connection with our products, services, research and development. We file patent applications to protect our intellectual property and believe that the duration of our issued patents is sufficient when considering the expected lives of our products. We have registered various trademarks for our company and our products in the United States ("U.S.") and other jurisdictions internationally. We intend to continue pursuing additional protections for our proprietary technology and intellectual property to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology and intellectual property rights, our rights may not be respected in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We believe that competitors will try to develop products that are similar to ours and that may infringe our intellectual property rights. Our competitors, third-parties and non-practicing entities, may also claim that our cybersecurity platforms and services infringe their intellectual property rights. From time to time, third parties have in the past and may in the future assert claims of infringement, misappropriation and other violations of intellectual property rights against us or our customers, with whom our license or other agreements may obligate us to indemnify against these claims. Successful claims of infringement by a third party could affect our ability to offer, or prevent us from offering, certain products or features. This could result in time during which we may be unable to continue to offer our affected products or solutions because of a potential need for us to develop alternate, non-infringing technology, which could require significant time and resources, or require us to obtain a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all, or could require us to pay substantial damages, royalties, or other fees. For additional information, see the section titled "Risks Related to Intellectual Property and Technology Licensing" in Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" in this Form 10-K. GOVERNMENT REGULATION We are subject to numerous U.S. federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. Like other companies in the technology industry, we face scrutiny from both U.S. and foreign governments with respect to our compliance with laws and regulations. Our compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and could, individually or in the aggregate, increase our cost of doing business, impact our competitive position relative to our peers, and/or otherwise have an adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. For additional information about government regulation applicable to our business, see Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" in this Form 10-K. COMPETITION We operate in the intensely competitive enterprise security industry that is characterized by constant change and innovation. Changes in the application, threat, and technology landscape result in evolving customer requirements for the protection from threats and the safe enablement of applications. Our main competitors fall into four categories: large companies that incorporate security features in their products, such as Cisco Systems, Inc. ("Cisco"), Microsoft, Alphabet, or those that have acquired, or may acquire, security vendors and have the technical and financial resources to bring competitive solutions to the market; independent security vendors, such as Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. ("Check Point"), Fortinet, Inc. ("Fortinet"), CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. ("CrowdStrike"), Zscaler, Inc. ("Zscaler"), and Wiz, Inc. ("Wiz"), that offer a mix of security products; startups and point-product vendors that offer independent or emerging solutions across various areas of security; and public cloud vendors and startups that offer solutions for cloud security (private, public, and hybrid cloud). - 9 - Table of Contents As our market grows, it will attract more highly specialized vendors, as well as larger vendors that may continue to acquire or bundle their products more effectively. The principal competitive factors in our market include: product features, reliability, performance, and effectiveness; product line breadth, diversity, and applicability; product extensibility and ability to integrate with other technology infrastructures; price and total cost of ownership; adherence to industry standards and certifications; strength of sales and marketing efforts; and brand awareness and reputation. We believe we generally compete favorably with our competitors on the basis of these factors as a result of the features and performance of our portfolio , the ease of integration of our security solutions with technological infrastructures, and the relatively low total cost of ownership of our products. However, some of our competitors may have substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources, greater name recognition, larger sales and marketing budgets, broader distribution, more diversified product lines, and larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios. SALES, MARKETING, SERVICES, AND SUPPORT Customers. Our end-customers consist of enterprises, service providers, and government entities. Our end-customers operate in a variety of industries, including education, energy, financial services, government entities, healthcare, Internet and media, manufacturing, public sector, and telecommunications. Our end-customers deploy our portfolio of solutions for a variety of security use cases across several settings. Typical deployment settings include the enterprise network, the enterprise data center, cloud locations, branch or remote locations, and on-device agents. No single end-customer accounted for more than 10% of our total revenue in fiscal 2025, 2024, or 2023. Distribution. We primarily sell our products and subscription and support offerings to end-customers through our channel partners utilizing a two-tier, indirect fulfillment model whereby we sell our products and subscription and support offerings to our distributors, which, in turn, sell to our resellers, which then sell to our end-customers. Sales are generally subject to our standard, non-exclusive distributor agreement, which provides for an initial term of one year, one-year renewal terms, termination by us with 30 to 90 days written notice prior to the renewal date, and payment to us from the channel partner within 30 to 45 calendar days of the date we issue an invoice for such sales. For fiscal 2025, 44.2% of our total revenue was derived from sales to three distributors. We also sell our VM-Series virtual firewalls and Cloud NGFW via various cloud marketplaces. For example, our VM-Series virtual firewalls are sold on Amazon's AWS Marketplace, Microsoft's Azure Marketplace, Alphabet's Google Cloud Marketplace, and Oracle Corporation's Oracle Cloud Marketplace either directly to end customers or as part of the respective cloud hosting service provider's offerings under a usage-based licensing model. Sales. Our sales organization is responsible for large-account acquisition and overall market development, which includes the management of the relationships with our channel partners, working with our channel partners in winning and supporting end-customers through a direct-touch approach, and acting as the liaison between our end-customers and our marketing and product development organizations. We pursue sales opportunities both through our direct sales force and as assisted by our channel partners, which include resellers, global and regional systems integrators, service providers, managed security service providers, and cloud hosting service providers. We expect to continue to grow our sales headcount to expand our reach in all key growth sectors. Our sales organization is supported by sales engineers with responsibility for pre-sales technical support, solutions engineering for our end-customers, and technical training for our channel partners. Channel Program. Our NextWave Channel Partner program is focused on building in-depth relationships with solutions-oriented distributors, channel, delivery and services partners that have strong security expertise. The program rewards these partners based on a number of attainment goals, as well as provides them access to marketing resources, technical and sales training, and support. To promote optimal productivity, we operate a formal accreditation program for our channel partners' sales and technical professionals. As of July 31, 2025, we had more than 8,500 channel partners. Global Customer Success. Our Global Customer Success organization is responsible for delivering professional, educational, and support services directly to our end-customers and partners. We leverage a global network of certified partners to extend the reach and consistency of these services. We believe that a comprehensive suite of customer success offerings is critical to the successful deployment, adoption, and ongoing use of our products. To support this, we have invested in hiring and developing technical experts with deep domain knowledge and proven experience across our portfolio. - 10 - Table of Contents Marketing. Our marketing is focused on building our brand reputation and the market awareness of our portfolio and driving pipeline and end-customer demand. Our marketing team consists primarily of product marketing, brand, demand generation, field marketing, digital marketing, communications, analyst relations, and marketing analytics functions. Marketing activities include pipeline development through demand generation, social media and advertising programs, managing the corporate website and partner portal, trade shows and conferences, analyst relationships, customer advocacy, and customer awareness. Every year we organize multiple signature events, such as our end-customer conference "Ignite" and focused conferences such as "Cortex Symphony" and "SASE Converge." We also publish threat intelligence research, such as the Unit 42 Cloud Threat Report and the Unit 42 Network Threat Trends Research Report, which are based on data from our global threat intelligence team, Unit 42. These activities and tools benefit both our direct and indirect channels and are available at no cost to our channel partners. Our products and services have been recognized as leading in 25 categories by third-party industry analysts firms that perform independent assessments of these categories. This recognition by third parties is an important measure of validation for our customers. Backlog. Contract amounts that are not recorded in deferred revenue or revenue are considered backlog. Orders billed prior to revenue recognition are included in deferred revenue. We expect backlog will change from period to period for various reasons, including the timing of billing and fulfillment, such as inventory shortages. As such, we do not believe that backlog at any particular time is necessarily indicative of our future operating results. Seasonality. Our business is affected by seasonal fluctuations in customer spending patterns. We have begun to see seasonal patterns in our business, which we expect to become more pronounced as we continue to grow, with our strongest sequential revenue growth generally occurring in our fiscal second and fourth quarters. MANUFACTURING We outsource the manufacturing of our products to various manufacturing partners, which include our electronics manufacturing services provider ("EMS provider") and original design manufacturers. This approach allows us to reduce our costs as it reduces our manufacturing overhead and inventory and also allows us to adjust more quickly to changing end-customer demand. Our EMS provider is Flextronics International, Ltd. ("Flex"), who assembles our products using design specifications, quality assurance programs, and standards that we establish, and procures components and assembles our products based on our demand forecasts. These forecasts are based upon historical trends and analysis, adjusted for overall market conditions. All of our hardware products are assembled in the U.S. The component parts within our products are either sourced by our manufacturing partners or by us from various component suppliers. Our manufacturing and supply contracts, generally, do not guarantee a certain level of supply or fixed pricing, which increases our exposure to supply shortages or price increases. HUMAN CAPITAL We believe our ongoing success depends on our employees. With a global workforce of 16,068 as of July 31, 2025, our People Strategy is a critical element of our overall company strategy and is overseen by our Chief People Officer who regularly updates our board of directors and the board's Compensation and People Committee on human capital matters. Our People Strategy is designed to enable a workforce that is nimble, high-performing and innovative. We take a comprehensive approach to attracting, enabling and engaging world-class talent and fostering a culture where every employee can thrive. Our approach includes respecting each employee as a unique individual, demonstrating fairness in all we do and advancing a culture where employees are inspired to do the best work of their careers. We also focus on integrating AI into people programs and processes to build a more agile, skilled and forward-thinking workforce prepared for the future of cybersecurity. Our values of disruption, execution, collaboration, inclusion and integrity were co-created with employees and serve as the foundation of our culture. These values are embedded in our talent acquisition, learning and enablement, engagement and performance elevation, rewards and recognition programs. Attract & Hire. At Palo Alto Networks, we source talent with the necessary skills and capabilities to contribute to our culture and mission. We utilize structured interviewing practices, thorough job analyses and success profiles to identify high-quality candidates and staff critical roles. In fiscal 2025, we began to transform our hiring operations by strategically embedding AI across the talent acquisition lifecycle to sharpen our competitive edge for talent. We are deploying intelligent tools to automate and enhance core processes, including AI-generated job descriptions, structured interview guides and preparation materials; intelligent interview scheduling; launching an automated talent sourcing and screening pilot; and using AI to augment feedback summaries. Each step is optimized for speed, consistency and bias mitigation. Recognizing that technical skills evolve rapidly in an AI-driven world, our recruitment strategy prioritizes durable, "AI-readiness" capabilities. We assess candidates for core competencies such as critical thinking, adaptability and a capacity for continuous learning to help ensure every hire can not only excel today but also innovate and lead in the future. - 11 - Table of Contents Our Global Hiring Committee continues to play a key role in maintaining our hiring standards, which help drive objectivity. This group of cross-functional senior leaders reviews finalist candidates' information with a focus on experience and capability. To build robust talent pipelines, we partner with academic institutions and other organizations to support new careers in cybersecurity, promote open roles, proactively reach out to candidates across multiple hiring channels and source candidates with a range of experiences. We also encourage employee referrals. Onboard & Enable. Each member of our workforce has a unique career journey and individual needs, interests and goals. To that end, we strive to create an environment where everyone feels valued, respected and supported to solve the world's toughest cybersecurity challenges. In fiscal 2025, we started to evolve from a traditional training program to a system of AI-powered talent enablement, where we integrate learning and growth throughout the flow of an employee's daily work. From day 1, new hires embark on a journey that blends in-person connection with personalized digital guidance, including generative AI onboarding roadmaps and AI-curated mentor networks. For ongoing growth, through The Learning Center, our intelligent learning platform, we deliver adaptive learning tracks for employees, including specialized paths for interns, new graduates and individuals joining through acquisitions. We also piloted real-time AI-enabled feedback simulations to coach and equip managers with the skills to guide their teams more effectively. Development information about core business elements, required company-wide compliance training and information about activities on topics ranging from well-being to collaboration are also offered. To further support our employees to advance up the AI adoption curve, we have offered self-paced online certifications, live training and an experimentation challenge that encouraged peer-driven use cases and employees voting to select the finalists. We will continue our enablement journey, using employee questions and feedback to offer both practical and role-specific use cases to help increase productivity and new skill acquisition. On average, employees completed 36 hours of development during fiscal 2025. Listen & Engage. We aim to foster engagement and help employees feel connected to our mission and values. Through our comprehensive approach, we use in-person and virtual channels to provide a regular flow of information to and between employees and leadership. These channels include company meetings, digital displays across our sites, our intranet, regular email communications, an active Slack platform, pulse surveys, a peer-to-peer recognition platform and regular two-way dialogue--such as small, in-person listening sessions hosted by our chief executive officer. Employee sentiment is also collected and measured from external sources, such as Glassdoor and Comparably. In addition, based on employee participation in an anonymous survey, the Best Practice Institute has certified Palo Alto Networks as one of the "Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces" since 2021. Palo Alto Networks has been recognized by Comparably for "Best Leadership Teams" and "Best Company Outlook", in addition to other employer of choice awards. Our chief executive officer has also earned a 91% employee approval rating on Glassdoor, a top percentile score. In addition to our formal, company-wide, semiannual performance review process, which helps employees set learning and development plans, we believe in always-on performance feedback. Further providing engagement are eleven Employee Network Groups, open to all employees, that leverage different perspectives to build, understand and support our culture. Compensation & Benefits. We offer employees competitive compensation and our flexible benefits plans include a variety of health, time off, wellness and voluntary benefits. Our pay strategy, which includes base salary, cash bonus programs, and equity awards, focuses on compensation based on individual performance. Palo Alto Networks is a fair pay company and we annually engage a third-party consultancy to analyze our pay practices. Through our flexible benefits programs, employees are able to request reimbursement for a range of lifestyle items including fitness, caregiving and education. Additionally, through our Giving+ program, employees can request monetary matching of their charitable donations and