key resellers and distributors of data center infrastructure software and systems in each of the geographic regions where we operate. We also engage our end customers through our OEM partners, which license our software and package it with their hardware and sell through their direct sales forces and channel partners. We expect to continue leveraging our relationships with our channel and OEM partners, and deepening relationships with our cloud and ecosystem partners, to reach our end customers. Marketing . Our marketing team enables our global sales force and sales via our partner ecosystem. Our marketing focuses on educating our customers, prospects, partners, media and analysts, and influencers about the benefits and business outcomes our cloud software platform and solutions can deliver. The breadth of our product portfolio allows us to engage multiple buyer and user personas across the organization, including senior executives, IT professionals, and developers. Over the past year, we have focused on driving market awareness of our virtualization, cloud native, and enterprise AI-ready capabilities amid ongoing industry disruption. In addition, we continue to drive market awareness of our evolution from a pioneer in HCI to a provider of a unified platform that helps enterprises manage the growing complexity of virtualized, containerized and enterprise AI workloads across hybrid multicloud environments. We seek to create and capture buyer demand through a variety of outbound and inbound marketing programs that include email, digital marketing, corporate and third-party events that generate customer and prospect awareness - including our annual user event, .NEXT, in-person and virtual demand generation activities, social media outreach, media and analyst relations activities, learning certifications, community programs, platform test drives, thought leadership, and our website. Our robust community empowers customers and partners to share and discuss best practices for leveraging our solutions as well as network with peers. We foster strategic marketing partnerships with our ecosystem of technology, channel, OEM, system integrator, and service provider partners to expand market reach, increase brand awareness, and drive business growth. Through our unified Elevate Partner Program, we offer qualified partners access to market development funds, co-branded marketing campaigns, joint demand programs, and comprehensive learning paths. Research and Development Our research and development efforts are focused primarily on enhancing our existing technologies, developing new technologies in current and adjacent markets, and supporting existing end customer deployments. Our research and development teams include distributed systems software engineers, platform engineers, systems engineers, user interface engineers and user experience designers. A large portion of our research and development team is based in San Jose, California and India. We also maintain research and development centers in North Carolina, Serbia, Washington, Germany, Mexico, and the United Kingdom. We plan to dedicate significant resources to our continued research and development efforts and intend to continue to invest in our global research and development teams to support enhancements to our solutions, improve integration with ecosystem partners, and expand the range of technologies and features available through our platform. We believe that these investments will support our long-term growth strategy, although they may result in increased expenses and adversely affect our profitability in the near term. Manufacturing We do not manufacture any hardware. The Nutanix-branded NX series hardware platforms are manufactured by Super Micro Computer, Inc. ("Supermicro"). Supermicro designs, assembles and tests the Nutanix-branded NX series hardware platforms and it procures the components used in the NX series hardware platforms directly from third-party suppliers. Our agreement with Supermicro automatically renews annually in May for successive one-year periods thereafter, with the option to terminate upon each annual renewal. Distributors handle fulfillment and shipment for certain end customers, but do not hold inventory. Competition We operate in the intensely competitive cloud infrastructure and platform services markets and compete with a broad range of companies that sell software and hardware to build and operate private clouds, integrated systems and standalone storage and servers, as well as cloud services providers and managed service providers. These markets are characterized by constant change, rapid innovation, and evolving licensing and consumption models. We face competition from a broad range of providers, including, among others: software providers that offer virtualization, containerization, infrastructure and management products to build and operate enterprise and hybrid clouds, such as VMware by Broadcom, Microsoft, and Red Hat; providers of public cloud infrastructure and SaaS-based offerings, such as AWS, Google Cloud, Oracle Cloud, and Azure; and traditional IT systems vendors, such as Dell, Fujitsu, HPE, Hitachi Vantara, Lenovo, Pure Storage, Inc., NetApp, Inc., and Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., many of which offer integrated systems that bundle servers, storage and networking solutions, as well as standalone server and storage products. Competition generally varies by workload and customer segment, and customers often evaluate multiple alternatives simultaneously. Several of our competitors are also our partners, resellers, or OEMs in certain offerings. As the market in which we compete continues to develop, we expect it will continue to attract new companies as well as existing larger vendors. Some of our competitors may also expand their product and service offerings, acquire or invest in competing businesses or emerging technologies, offer differentiated pricing terms, bundle their products with other products and capabilities (including AI, machine learning, generative AI, and emerging agentic AI capabilities), provide closed technology platforms, partner with other companies to develop joint solutions, or otherwise leverage their scale, brand recognition or ecosystem relationships to gain a competitive advantage. Furthermore, as we expand our product offerings, we may expand into new markets, and we may encounter additional competitors in such markets. Additionally, as companies increasingly offer competing solutions, they may be less willing to cooperate with us as an OEM or otherwise. We believe the principal competitive factors in our market include: platform features and capabilities; system scalability, performance and resiliency; the ecosystem of certified applications, services, and solutions for our platform; management and operations, including provisioning, troubleshooting, analytics, automation, and upgrades; total cost of ownership over the lifetime of the technology; customer freedom of choice over, and product interoperability with, third-party applications, infrastructure software, infrastructure systems, and platforms and public clouds; the ability to compete with incumbent vendors whose deeply integrated solutions and long-term commercial arrangements may limit customer flexibility and increase switching costs; application mobility across disparate silos of enterprise computing, including public and private cloud infrastructure; and quality of customer experience, including ease-of-use, support and professional services. We have also strategically expanded into a number of markets that are adjacent to our core HCI market, both through the expansion in hybrid multicloud environments as well as through our addition of new functionality and features in our platform and through portfolio products. These adjacent markets include areas such as Kubernetes management and data and platform services, AI platform services, cloud disaster recovery, data security, governance and compliance, cloud management, files and object storage, and database automation and database-as-a-service. Competitors in these markets include large, sophisticated companies that may have more experience or longer operating histories in these markets as well as new entrants. We believe that we are positioned favorably against our competitors based on these factors. However, many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, greater brand recognition, larger sales forces and marketing budgets, a larger existing customer base, broader distribution, and larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios. Intellectual Property Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect and use our core technology and intellectual property. We rely on patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures, and employee nondisclosure and invention assignment agreements to protect our intellectual property rights. As of July 31, 2025, we had 578 U.S. patents that have been issued and 159 non-provisional patent applications pending in the United States. Our issued U.S. patents expire between 2033 and 2045. We also leverage some open source software in most of our products. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors," for further discussion of risks related to protecting our intellectual property. Facilities Our corporate headquarters are located in San Jose, California where, under lease agreements that expire through May 2030, we currently lease approximately 215,000 square feet of space. We also maintain offices in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East, Latin America, and Africa. We lease all of our facilities and do not own any real property. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future and that, should it be needed, we would be able to lease suitable additional space to accommodate our operations. Government Regulation Our business activities are subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws, rules and regulations. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position as compared to prior periods. Nevertheless, compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, acquisitions, AI-related governance, data protection and data privacy, climate, employment and labor, and taxes could have a material impact on our business in subsequent periods. See Item 1A, "Risk Factors," for further discussion of risks related to the potential impact of government regulation on our business. Employees and Human Capital We had approximately 7,800 employees worldwide as of July 31, 2025. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor organization or are a party to any collective bargaining arrangement. In certain European countries in which we operate, we are subject to, and comply with, local labor law requirements in relation to the establishment of works councils and/or industry-wide collective bargaining agreements. We are often required to consult and seek the consent or advice of these works councils. We have never had a work stoppage and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. We understand the importance of human capital and prioritize building our culture, talent development, and compensation and benefits. Our human capital resources objectives include attracting, retaining, and rewarding talent, as well as promoting the development and integration of our existing and new employees. The principal objectives of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through stock-based and cash-based compensation awards, to drive stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to align their work to company goals, and to perform to the best of their abilities and to achieve our objectives. Culture Our values are the framework that defines our culture and shape how we engage with one another, approach challenges, and work toward solutions: Hungry We are relentlessly driven to innovate, improve, and lead. Humble We stay grounded, always learning from each other and our customers. Honest Transparency, trust, and integrity guide every interaction. with Heart We approach every challenge with empathy, compassion, and a commitment to making a positive impact. Our culture principles also shape the way we work and define how we engage with each other and with our customers. These principles are designed to drive performance, foster innovation, and ensure that we remain focused on delivering value, both to our employees and our stakeholders: We Own It We take accountability for our actions, results, and decisions. We Work as One Team Collaboration is key. We work together to achieve common goals and celebrate our collective success. We Obsess About Our Customers' Success Our customers' success is our success. Everything we do is aimed at driving value for them. We Think Long-Term We prioritize sustainability, future-focused growth, and enduring impact over short-term wins. Total Rewards We believe a robust and competitive Total Rewards portfolio is essential to attracting and retaining diverse talent that moves Nutanix forward. Our comprehensive reward programs offer physical, mental/emotional, and financial support to our employees and their families. We regularly review our programs and encourage employee feedback about the rewards they value most. We tailor rewards programs specifically based on local market practice and the competitive landscape. We provide a range of globally-available support programs, such as an Employee Assistance Program, online health engagement, and child development support. Health, Wellness, and Safety The health and safety of employees and others on our property are a top priority. We also focus on compliance with all health and safety laws applicable to our business. To that end, appropriate requirements are implemented, as needed, in order to comply with public health or safety obligations. We have a physical security policy applicable to all our employees with a global physical security team that is empowered to protect the safety of our employees in the event of emergencies or disasters. In addition, we work with our employees and facilities management at our office locations to ensure that work areas are kept safe and free of hazardous conditions. Employees are required to be conscientious about workplace safety. In compliance with applicable laws, and to promote the concept of a safe workplace, we maintain an Injury and Illness Prevention Program. We also continue to support the well-being and continued development of our employees by offering well-being days, during which all employees may enjoy private time away from work requirements. Growth and Development We challenge our employees to constantly learn, continuously improve and evolve -- and to that end we invest in resources to foster a learning culture throughout our company. We empower our employees to drive their own personal and professional growth by equipping them with onboarding and learning programs. Our learning programs include digital learning, speed coaching, customized learning workshops, manager enablement and skills training for current, new and future managers, training on culture, language learning programs, and employee wellness programs. We believe that by empowering our employees as they strive to grow personally and professionally, we will be able to build a flexible and resilient workforce and maintain and nurture a robust pipeline of talent to fuel our future growth and strategy. Information about Segment and Geographic Areas The segment and geographic information required herein is contained in Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Corporate Information We were incorporated in Delaware in September 2009 as Nutanix, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 1740 Technology Drive, Suite 150, San Jose, California 95110, and our telephone number is (408) 216-8360. We have operations throughout North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East, Latin America, and Africa. Our website address is www.nutanix.com. Information contained on or accessible through our website is neither a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K nor incorporated by reference herein, and any references to our website and the inclusion of our website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are intended to be inactive textual references only. Available Information Our website is located at www.nutanix.com and our investors relations website is located at ir.nutanix.com. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), which maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. This Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as amended, are made available free of charge on the investor relations portion of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We also provide a link to the section of the SEC's website at www.sec.gov that has, or will have, all of our public filings, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, our Proxy Statements, and other ownership-related filings. We use our investor relations website as well as social media as channels of distribution for important company information. For example, webcasts of our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community are on our investor relations website. Additionally, we announce investor information, including news and commentary about our business and financial performance, SEC filings, notices of investor events, and our press and earnings releases, on our investor relations website. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in our company to review the information we post on social media channels listed on our investor relations website. Investors and others can receive notifications of new information posted on our investor relations website in real time by signing up for email alerts and RSS feeds. Further corporate governance information, including our corporate governance guidelines, board committee charters and code of business conduct and ethics, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading "Governance Documents." Information contained on or accessible through our websites is neither a part of nor incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or document we file with or furnish to the SEC, and any references to our websites and the inclusion of our website addresses in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are intended to be inactive textual references only. Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face; additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, and prospects could be materially harmed. In that event, the price of our securities could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. In addition, the