in (1) adapting EOS for new and existing silicon architectures, especially to support the unique requirements of AI workloads; (2) adding or enhancing EOS control plane and management plane functionality; (3) expanding our CloudVision management stack with enhanced automation, provisioning, monitoring, and security capabilities; (4) building related services, such as microsegmentation, network detection and response ("NDR") and Network Access Control ("NAC"); (5) improving the security and scalability of our software development infrastructure and software supply chain; and (6) continuing to enhance our practice of delivering high hardware quality, reliability and power efficiency that serve to minimize operational costs for customers. We have dedicated significant time and resources to automate testing and ensure high test pass rates. Our engineers work closely with our support team to resolve technical issues that customers experience with our products and use that information to continuously improve our practices. Collaboration with customers and other industry leaders is integral to our approach. Looking ahead, we plan to continue investing in our research and development efforts, thereby evolving and extending the capabilities of our portfolio. This will ensure that our products continue to address dynamic market needs and solidify our industry leadership. Manufacturing We subcontract the manufacturing of the majority of our products to various contract manufacturers. Our primary manufacturing partners are Jabil Inc., Sanmina Corporation and Foxconn Hon Hai. These partners manufacture our products internationally in Malaysia, Vietnam, Mexico and other countries. We require all our manufacturing locations to be ISO-9001 certified. After manufacturing and testing, the products are shipped to direct fulfillment facilities in the United States, the Netherlands and Singapore for further transformation as needed and distribution. We have four direct fulfillment facilities worldwide to hold finished goods inventory and perform final product configuration and shipping to customers and partners. After distribution, our products are typically installed by customers or by third-party service providers such as system integrators or value-added resellers on their behalf. Our contract manufacturing partners procure the components needed to build our products and assemble them according to our design specifications. This allows us to leverage the purchasing power of our contract manufacturing partners. We retain complete control over the bill of materials, qualified component suppliers, test procedures and quality assurance programs. Our personnel work closely with our partners and review forecasts, inventory levels, processes, capacity, yields and overall quality on an ongoing basis. Our products rely on key components, including merchant silicon, integrated circuit components and power supplies, which are purchased from a limited number of suppliers, including certain sole source providers. We may also see increased consolidation among our component suppliers. In particular, we are primarily reliant upon our predominant merchant silicon vendor, Broadcom, for our switching chips. Generally, neither we nor our contract manufacturers have a written agreement with these component providers to guarantee the supply of the key components used in our products, nor do we have exclusive rights to such key components. Furthermore, our arrangements with contract manufacturers and suppliers typically do not impose purchase obligations for specific quantities beyond the amounts established in our submitted purchase orders or forecasts. Our product development efforts also depend upon continued collaboration with our key suppliers, such as Broadcom. As we develop our product roadmap and continue to expand our relationships with these and other merchant silicon vendors, it is crucial that we collaborate closely with our key merchant silicon vendors to ensure that their silicon incorporates enhanced features and that our products leverage these improvements. This enables us to focus our development resources on core software competencies and leverage investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions. Competition The markets in which we participate are highly competitive and characterized by rapidly transforming technology, changing end-customer needs, evolving industry standards, frequent introductions of new products and services and industry consolidation. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud and AI networking expands and existing competitors and new market entrants introduce new products or enhance existing products. The data center and campus networking markets have historically been dominated by Cisco, with competition also coming from other large network equipment and system vendors, including Dell/EMC, Extreme Networks, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Huawei, Juniper Networks, Nvidia, and white box networking vendors that utilize open-source operating systems. Most of our competitors and some strategic alliance partners have made acquisitions and/or have entered into or extended partnerships or other strategic relationships to offer more comprehensive product lines, including cloud networking solutions. For example, Broadcom has acquired VMware, Hewlett Packard Enterprise has acquired Juniper Networks and Nvidia has made significant investments in several AI Neoclouds. We often see that these types of acquisitions and strategic investments are used to influence buying decisions rather than allowing for the selection of a best-of-breed vendor. With the emergence of AI networking, new competitive technologies may enter the market to address the requirements of AI clusters. Ethernet, faces competition from both InfiniBand ("IB") and NVLink interconnects for back-end AI networking clusters. IB has traditionally been used in supercomputer clusters due to its high reliability, low latency and high bandwidth. Both IB and NVLink are often sold as part of a vertical solution along with the GPUs from Nvidia. We also face competition from other companies and new market entrants, current technology partners, and customers who may acquire or develop network switches and cloud service solutions for internal use and/or broaden their product portfolios to market and sell to customers. Some of these entities are developing white box networking products based on open-source network operating systems that may be provided for free using off-the-shelf or commoditized hardware technology ("white box" hardware). Others may adopt a disaggregated approach to the procurement of hardware and leverage their own proprietary software. The arrival of new market entrants and the rapid adoption of alternative technologies may create downward pricing pressure. Such shifts could result in lost sales and materially harm our operating results and financial condition. In the NDR market, our Arista NDR offerings compete with other network security vendors including Cisco, Darktrace, and ExtraHop. In the network packet broker ("NPB") market, Arista DANZ Monitoring Fabric ("DMF") competes with Cisco, Gigamon, Keysight, Netscout and other network monitoring software providers. Our relationships with our strategic alliance partners or suppliers may also shift as industry dynamics change. If strategic alliance partners acquire or develop competitive products or services, our relationship with those partners may be adversely impacted, which could lead to more variability in our results of operations and impact the pricing of our solutions. The principal competitive factors applicable to our products include: breadth of product offerings and features; reliability and product quality; ease of use; pricing; total cost of ownership, including automation, monitoring and integration costs; performance and scale; programmability and extensibility; interoperability with other products; ability to be bundled with other vendor offerings; product availability and shipment lead times; and quality of service, support and fulfillment. Intellectual Property Our success and ability to compete depend substantially upon our core technology and intellectual property. We rely on patent, trademark and copyright laws, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements with our employees, customers, resellers, systems integrators, manufacturers, and others to protect our intellectual property rights. We file U.S and foreign patent applications to protect our intellectual property and we believe that the duration of our issued patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our products. Patents generally have a duration of twenty years from filing. The remaining duration on the individual patents in our patent portfolio varies. We cannot assure that any of our patent applications will result in the issuance of a patent or whether the examination process will result in patents of valuable breadth or applicability. In addition, any patents that may be issued may be contested, circumvented, found unenforceable or invalidated, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon them. We also license software from third parties for integration into our products, including open-source software and other software available on commercially reasonable terms. We own a number of trademarks in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, and Arista, EOS, and CloudVision are among our core trademarks. We control access to and use of our software, technology and other proprietary information through internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers and partners. Our software is protected by U.S. and international copyright, patent and trade secret laws. Despite our efforts to protect our software, technology and other proprietary information, unauthorized parties may still copy or otherwise obtain and use our software, technology and other proprietary information. In addition, we intend to expand our international operations, and effective patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may not be available or may be limited in foreign countries. Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. If we become more successful, we believe that competitors will be more likely to try to develop products that are similar to ours and that may infringe upon our proprietary rights. It may also be more likely that competitors or other third parties will claim that our products infringe upon their proprietary rights. In particular, large and established companies in our industry have extensive patent portfolios and are regularly involved in both offensive and defensive litigation. From time to time, third parties, including certain large companies and non-practicing entities, may assert patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights against us, our channel partners or our end customers, whom our standard license and other agreements obligate us to indemnify against such claims. Successful claims of infringement by a third-party, if any, could prevent us from distributing certain products or performing certain services, require us to spend time and money to develop non-infringing solutions or force us to pay substantial damages, royalties or other fees. We cannot assure that we do not currently infringe, or that we will not in the future infringe, upon any third-party patents or other proprietary rights. Human Capital Management At Arista, we seek to maintain an environment that is open and inclusive, and where our people feel valued and accountable. One of our key principles is always doing the right thing for our employees. We are committed to upholding the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct in our global business operations. As of December 31, 2025, Arista employed approximately 5,115 full-time employees worldwide. None of our employees are represented by unions. We also hire part-time employees and contractors to support our operations, and these service providers do not represent a material portion of our workforce. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good and have not experienced operational interruptions due to labor disagreements. Arista's Human Capital Strategy is developed by our Senior Leadership Team and led by our Group Vice-President of Worldwide Human Resources and Operations who presents human capital updates quarterly to our Board of Directors. Arista is proud that its excellent culture and practices were widely recognized in 2025. Forbes magazine named Arista as one of America's Best Companies. Time Magazine named Arista as one of the World's Best Companies. Arista has been recognized by Comparably as one of the best large companies for culture, happiness, leadership and career growth as well as compensation. And Most Loved Workplace named Arista a Most Loved Workplace for Wellness and Volunteering. Equal Opportunity We seek to maintain an environment that encourages and supports equal opportunity, and where our employees feel valued. We conduct annual employee engagement surveys globally to gather information and feedback from our team members. We use a holistic organization-wide approach to respond to the results of the surveys, analyzing the data for potential actions and positive changes that can be taken in the areas of leadership, communication, culture, professional development and other areas. We strive to build an inclusive culture that encourages, supports and celebrates the voices of our employees. As part of the Arista way, we believe in treating peers with respect, mentoring individuals and developing teams for overall success. We affirm the principle of equal employment opportunity without regard to any protected characteristic, including but not limited to race, religion, national origin, color, gender, age, disability, pregnancy, marital status, ancestry, military status or sexual orientation. We practice and promote such policies in all locations as appropriate under applicable law. We affirm this principle of freedom from discrimination in all aspects of the employment relationship from recruitment and hiring, through performance evaluations, compensation and promotions. At Arista, we believe that all employees should be treated with dignity and respect. Arista is proud to be one of the few S&P 500 companies with both a female CEO and CFO. Health and Safety We are committed to protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors, guests and the public. Our health and safety policy is to maintain our facilities and conduct our business operations in a manner that does not compromise the occupational safety of our employees. We have implemented our injury and illness prevention program to protect employees from occupational risks of injury or illness. Compensation and Benefits We offer competitive and comprehensive benefit packages that are designed to help and empower employees to make informed decisions for themselves, their families and their lifestyles. In the United States, we offer our employees an employee stock purchase plan, healthcare and retirement benefits, paid time off and family leave, flexible time away, family planning benefits, backup resources for childcare and elder care, and other employee assistance programs including behavioral health and emotional support services. In addition to base salary and benefits, Arista's employees participate in stock and bonus incentive plans that support our organizational philosophy of allowing employees to share in our performance and success. Arista's compensation philosophy is to pay our employees based on their performance and contribution and impact to improving customer and shareholder success. We are committed to paying our employees fairly, equitably, and we work with a third party annually to identify and resolve any gaps. Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain, and reward performance and align incentives with the achievement of Arista's strategic plan and both short- and long-term operating objectives. Our compensation committee provides oversight of our compensation policies, plans, benefit programs and overall compensation philosophy. Along with our traditional healthcare benefits, we offer a broad variety of physical and mental wellness offerings to our global employees in a virtual as well as on-demand format, including fitness classes, webinars on practical wellness takeaways, strategies for stress reduction, financial planning and education, career development and social activities. We also host periodic wellness weeks, whose purpose is to raise awareness on health issues, increase education on preventive medicine and available services and shift employee behavior through interactive activities and live presentations. We proudly support an active community employee engagement program, which provides opportunities for our employees to volunteer and participate in community service in support of the communities where they live, work, and thrive. We employ remote and hybrid work models for designated roles, giving our employees the flexibility to work offsite or onsite and annual survey our employees to gain valuable feedback and suggestions on improvements to our culture and strategy. AI & Employee Training, Development and Upskilling Arista has made AI skills development an enterprise-wide priority as we strive to embed AI in our everyday business processes to develop more efficient, higher quality and faster cycle times and responses to our customers and for the benefit of our shareholders. In 2025, employees participated in many general and department-specific live, webinar, and self-paced training to improve their overall and job-specific AI skills and capabilities. In addition, our employees receive regular training on various subjects, including our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, information security, data privacy, intellectual property, insider trading, and anti-corruption. Our employees are required to complete Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and information security trainings every year. In addition, we provide extensive training and accreditation opportunities to employees in Sales, Customer Engineering and Software Research and Development roles including our Arista Certified Engineer ("ACE") certification program as well as mentorship programs. Additional career development content including management and leadership development training is available through our E-Learning portal to facilitate a culture of lifelong learning and allow employees to personalize their development. Our Technical employees can further upskill through our internal Arista Training Program, technical summits, and participation in industry conferences or associations. Available Information Our website is located at www.arista.com and our investor relations website is located at investors.arista.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"), are available free of charge on the Investors portion of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission"). The Commission maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission at www.sec.gov. Webcasts of our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community are on our investor relations website. Additionally, we announce investor information, including news and commentary about our business and financial performance, Commission filings, notices of investor events, and our press and earnings releases, on our investor relations website. Investors and others can receive real-time notifications of new information posted on our investor relations website by signing up for email alerts and RSS feeds. Further corporate governance information, including our corporate governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading "Governance." The contents of our websites, or information that can be accessed through our websites, are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report