of production and component problems, and processing of information from customers obtained through services and support programs. This system is certified to the ISO 9001 International Standard that includes our global sites and organizations that design, manufacture, and service our products. Our order fulfillment, manufacturing, and test facilities are also certified to the ISO 9001 International Standard for quality management systems, the ISO 14001 International Standard for environmental management systems, the ISO 45001 International Standard for health and safety management systems, and the ISO 50001 International Standard for energy management systems. These internationally-recognized endorsements of ongoing quality, environmental, health and safety, and energy management are among the highest levels of certifications available. We also have implemented programs and methodologies to ensure that the quality of our designs, manufacturing, test processes, and supplier relationships are continually improved. Additionally, we maintain a Supplier Code of Conduct and actively manage recycling processes for our returned products. 8 Table of Contents We purchase materials, supplies, product components, and products from a large number of qualified suppliers. In some cases, where multiple sources of supply are not available, we rely on a single source or a limited number of sources of supply if we believe it is advantageous to do so because of performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price considerations. We believe that any disruption that may occur because of our dependence on single- or limited-source vendors would not disproportionately disadvantage us relative to our competitors. See "Item 1A -- Risk Factors -- Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry -- Our use of single-source or limited-source suppliers may adversely affect the availability or timely delivery of some critical products or components" for information about the risks associated with Dell Technologies' use of single- or limited-source suppliers. Product Backlog Product backlog represents the value of unfulfilled manufacturing orders and is included as a component of remaining performance obligations to the extent we determine that the manufacturing orders are non-cancelable. Our world-class supply chain operates at significant scale and provides us with the ability to remain agile in a variety of environments. While our supply chain operated efficiently at standard lead times, during both Fiscal 2025 and Fiscal 2026, increasing demand for our AI-optimized servers offerings continued to drive backlog growth. Given the scale of the AI opportunities, the varying stages of customer readiness, and the frequency of component part updates or transitions, there is inherent non-linearity in the timing of demand and subsequent shipments for our AI-optimized servers offerings. Additionally, during Fiscal 2026, demand for our traditional servers and networking offerings outpaced supply, resulting in incremental backlog growth as we exited the year. Geographic Operations Our corporate headquarters is located in Round Rock, Texas. We have operations and conduct business in many countries located in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and other geographic regions. Accordingly, we pursue the development of technology solutions that meet the needs of these markets. For information about the amount of net revenue we generated from our operations outside of the United States during the last three fiscal years, see Note 18 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. Seasonality Our sales can be affected by seasonal trends. Within ISG, our storage sales are typically stronger in our fourth fiscal quarter. Our sales within the Americas are typically stronger in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, while our sales in EMEA are typically stronger during the fourth fiscal quarter. Historical seasonal patterns have been impacted by the changing macroeconomic environment and our mix of business, and may not continue in the future. Competition We operate in an industry in which there are rapid technological advances in hardware, software, and services offerings, including AI, cloud, and security-related offerings. We face ongoing product and price competition in all areas of our business from both branded and generic competitors, including companies that specialize in one or more of our product or service lines. Our competitive advantages -- including our end-to-end solutions portfolio, go-to-market capabilities, supply chain, and global services -- enable us to compete by providing customers competitive, scalable, and integrated solutions that provide the most current and desired product and services features at a competitive price. We closely monitor market pricing, including the effect of foreign exchange rate movements, in an effort to provide the best value for our customers. We also closely monitor changing demand to keep pace with the demands of current and prospective customers. We believe that our strong relationships with our customers, channel partners, and suppliers allow us to respond quickly to changing customer needs and other macroeconomic factors. We also face competition from non-traditional IT companies, including large Infrastructure-as-a-Service providers, that often buy their infrastructure directly from original design manufacturers. Competitive pressures could increase if customers choose to move existing workloads to these providers. 9 Table of Contents The markets in which we compete span countries around the world with customers that range from the world's largest corporations to small and medium-sized businesses to consumers and also include government and not-for-profit organizations. We believe that new businesses will continue to enter these markets and develop technologies that, if successfully commercialized, may compete with our products and services. Moreover, current competitors may enter into new strategic relationships with new or existing competitors, which may further increase competitive pressures. See "Item 1A -- Risk Factors -- Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry" for information about our competitive risks. Sales and Marketing Our sales and marketing efforts are organized around our customers. Our global sales and marketing team has created a go-to-market model that is collaborative and customer-focused. We generally organize our go-to-market operations with a focus on geographic and customer segments that encompass large g lobal and national enterprises, governmental agencies and other public institutions, educational institutions, healthc are organizations, small and medium-sized businesses, and consumers. Go-to-market strategy -- We sell products and services directly to customers and through other sales channels, which include value-added resellers, system integrators, distributors, and retailers. We manage our direct sales team and channel partners to offer a unified customer experience. We believe our direct sales channel is a significant competitive advantage and emphasizes direct communication with customers, allowing us to refine our products and marketing programs while providing insight to better navigate through supply chain challenges and complexity. In addition to our direct sales channel, we use our network of channel partners to sell our products and services, enabling us to efficiently reach and serve a greater number of customers. The Dell Technologies partner program provides partners with appropriate incentives to encourage sales generation. We also facilitate access to third-party financing to help our channel partners manage their working capital. We believe that building long-term relationships with our channel partners enhances our ability to deliver a high-quality customer experience. During Fiscal 2026, our other sales channels generated approximately 40% of our net revenue. Large enterprises and public institutions -- We maintain a field sales force across the world to serve our largest customers, including large enterprises and public institutions. Dedicated account teams, which include technical sales specialists, form long-term relationships with and support our largest customers, develop tailored solutions to meet their needs, position the capabilities of Dell Technologies, and provide us with customer feedback. For these customers, we offer several programs designed to provide single points of contact and accountability with dedicated account managers, special pricing, and consistent service and support programs. We also maintain specific sales and marketing programs customized to the needs of each specific segment we serve. Small and medium-sized business and consumers -- We have a direct sales force of dedicated account teams for small and medium-sized businesses focused on delivering outcomes tailored to customers' specific needs. For consumers, we offer robust online and channel engagement. We market our products and services to customers in these segments through various campaigns and advertising media, aligning with customer preferences. To react quickly to our customers' needs, we track our Net Promoter Score, a customer loyalty metric that is widely used across various industries. Net Promoter Score is a trademark of Satmetrix Systems, Inc., Bain & Company, Inc., and Fred Reichheld. We also engage with customers through social media. Patents, Trademarks, and Licenses As of January 30, 2026, we held a worldwide portfolio of 25,859 granted patents and 8,189 pending patent applications. We continue to obtain new patents through our ongoing research and development activities. The inventions claimed in our patents and patent applications cover aspects of our current and possible future offerings, computer systems, software products, manufacturing processes, and related technologies. We also hold licenses to use numerous third-party patents. Although we use our patented inventions and license some of them to others, we are not substantially dependent on any single patent or group of related patents. Our product and process patents may establish barriers to entry, and we anticipate that our worldwide patent portfolio will continue to be of value in negotiating intellectual property rights with others in the industry. We have used, registered, or applied to register certain trademarks and copyrights in the United States and in other countries. We believe that the Dell Technologies, DELL, and Alienware word marks and logo marks in the United States are material to our operations. 10 Table of Contents We have entered into software licensing agreements with other companies. We also license certain technologies and intellectual property from third parties for use in our offerings and processes, and license some of our technologies and intellectual property to third parties. Government Regulation Our business is subject to regulation by various U.S. federal and state governmental agencies and other governmental agencies. Such regulation includes the activities of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission; the anti-trust regulatory activities of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice, and the European Union; the consumer protection laws and financial services regulation of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and various U.S. governmental agencies; the export regulatory activities of the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of the Treasury; the import regulatory activities of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection; the product safety regulatory activities of the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and the U.S. Department of Transportation; the health information privacy and security requirements of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; and the environmental, employment and labor, and other regulatory activities of a variety of governmental authorities in each of the countries in which we conduct business. Our operations are subject to a variety of environmental, performance, and safety regulations in all aspects of our operations. Product design and procurement operations must comply with requirements relating to materials composition, sourcing, radiated emissions, energy efficiency and collection, recycling, treatment, transportation, and disposal of electronics products, including restrictions on mercury, lead, cadmium, lithium metal, lithium ion, and other substances. Our operations may also become subject to new or emergent standards relating to climate change laws and regulations. The amount and timing of costs under environmental and safety laws are difficult to predict. We were not assessed any material environmental fines, nor did we have any material environmental remediation or other environmental costs, during Fiscal 2026. We and our subsidiaries are subject to various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and are also subject to export controls, customs regulations, economic sanctions laws, and embargoes imposed by the U.S. government. Violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-corruption laws or export controls, customs regulations, or economic sanctions laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties. We are subject to provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act intended to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of minerals originating from the conflict zones of the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries. We incur costs to comply with the disclosure requirements of this law and other costs relating to the sourcing and availability of minerals used in our products. Corporate Impact Activities At Dell Technologies, we are committed to driving human progress by putting our technology and expertise to work where we believe it can do the most good for both people and the planet. Our commitments span the environment, our own workforce, and all of the people in our value chain. We recognize that all of our stakeholders -- shareholders, customers, suppliers, employees, and communities -- are essential to our business. Environment We embed circularity principles throughout our value chain. By integrating sustainable practices with suppliers, customers, and other stakeholders, we advance a circular economy that improves resource efficiency and environmental benefits, reinforcing our commitment to sustainability. We are committed to understanding the impact our business has on the environment. We are taking action to mitigate climate-related risks, and we offer innovative products and solutions to customers to help them reduce their emissions, reach their reduction targets and operate more efficiently. We are actively addressing climate-related risks by managing greenhouse gas emissions across our operations, supply chain, and product lifecycle. 11 Table of Contents Human Capital Management We are a talented team with unique perspectives united in our purpose, strategy, and culture. Our goal is to ensure that all employees feel valued, engaged, and inspired to do their best work. We aim to attract, develop, and retain a top-talent workforce through our inclusive culture, training and development offerings, and competitive and comprehensive benefits that include health and wellness resources. We believe the success of our commitment is demonstrated through our consistent market recognition as a best-in-class employer. As of January 30, 2026, we had approximately 97,000 employees. Throughout Fiscal 2026, we remained committed to disciplined cost management in coordination with our ongoing business modernization initiatives and continued to take certain measures to reduce costs, including employee reorganizations, limitation of external hiring, and other actions to align our investments with our announced strategic and customer priorities. These actions resulted in a continued reduction in our overall headcount. Despite these difficult decisions, we continue focused efforts to empower our employees and attract, develop, and retain talent. We seek to support our culture in the following key focus areas: Equal Employment Opportunity -- We are committed to equal employment opportunity and maintaining an inclusive culture that gives all Dell Technologies employees an opportunity to thrive and succeed. Achievement Through Learning, Development, and Competitive Compensation and Rewards -- We provide competitive compensation aligned with consistent practices to attract, retain, and motivate top talent and to recognize the critical skills essential to our success. Our programs reward performance as well as the behaviors and capabilities that enable it. Through transparent, data-informed approaches, we build trust and align compensation with the priorities of our people and our business. We provide centralized programs to support employees' career growth and development. We offer formal training options, individualized development programs, tools for 360-degree feedback, mentoring, networking, stretch assignments, and growth opportunities. Our tools and resources are designed to empower and inspire employees to direct their own career paths and build a portfolio of transferable skills for success in the technology industry. Our career development supports employee growth by providing personalized development suggestions, such as mentorship and internal opportunities, that align with their skills and development goals. We are committed to building a leadership pipeline with a broad spectrum of skills, including the ability to act with integrity and inspire others. Balance and Wellness -- We offer our employees comprehensive benefits programs designed to support their physical, mental, emotional, and financial well-being while reinforcing a healthy work-life balance. While a number of our programs are global, many benefits align with local requirements and market relevancy. All enable an elevated health and wellness experience and include virtual live and on-demand educational sessions, counseling and support services, fitness and wellness challenges, voluntary progress tracking, and other incentives. Connection and Engagement -- We believe employee feedback is an important part of our culture and a key strategy to foster connection and engagement. For example, through our annual Tell Dell survey, employees can confidentially voice their perceptions of our company, strategy, leadership, and culture so we can continue to improve the employee experience. We promote further employee connection and engagement through a variety of initiatives, including, among others, our broader team member listening strategy and our Employee Resource Groups. We have 13 unique Employee Resource Groups, which are open to all team members, that foster connection, engagement, and community involvement. Supply Chain Resources We manage our responsible business practices in one of the world's largest supply chains, which involves hundreds of thousands of people around the world. Driving responsible manufacturing through robust assurance practices, including human rights due diligence and environmental stewardship, is fundamental to achieving our purpose of creating technologies that drive human progress, as well as building trust, driving innovation, and operating responsibly. 12 Table of Contents Dell Technologies works to ensure that we and our suppliers manufacture our products responsibly. We seek to monitor factories' adherence to the Responsible Business Alliance ("RBA") Code of Conduct using third-party audits. Our specialists work closely with suppliers to help identify the root causes of any concerns identified during audits and drive improvement. To proactively address risks, we provide resources to suppliers for skills building in areas such as forced labor and health and safety. By systematically assessing risks and adverse impacts, engaging directly with suppliers, and building workers' capabilities in our supply chain, we strive for accountability, transparency, and continuous improvement for ourselves and our business partners. Information about our supply chain sustainability progress is available on our website. Human Rights At Dell Technologies, upholding and advancing respect for the fundamental human rights of all people is core to our business strategy, purpose, and commitment to drive human progress and create a positive and lasting societal impact. Our policies and practices are guided by the United Nations' Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and