and have sometimes taken legal action against competitors to protect our IP, and as a result third parties have paid us fees in return for licenses or covenants-not-to-sue related to Fortinet IP. As of December 31, 2025, we had 1,064 U.S. and a total of 1,405 global patents, and 365 pending U.S. and foreign patent applications. We also license software from third parties for inclusion in our products, including open source software and other software. Despite our efforts to protect our rights in our technology, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information and technology that we regard as proprietary. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors and customers, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information. However, we cannot provide assurance that the steps we take will prevent misappropriation of our technology. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the United States, and many foreign countries do not enforce these laws as diligently as government agencies and private parties in the United States. Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other IP rights. Third parties have asserted, are currently asserting and may in the future assert patent, copyright, trademark or other IP rights against us, our channel partners or our end-customers. Successful claims of infringement by a third-party could prevent us from distributing certain products or performing certain services or require us to pay substantial damages (including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed patents or copyrights), royalties or other fees. Even if third parties offer a license to their technology, the terms of any offered license may not be acceptable and the failure to obtain a license or the costs associated with any license could cause our business, operating results or financial condition to be materially and adversely affected. In certain instances, we indemnify our end-customers, distributors and resellers against claims that our products infringe the IP of third parties. Government Regulation We are subject to regulation by various federal, state, regional, local and foreign governmental agencies, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing employment and labor laws, workplace safety, security and security certifications, product safety, product labeling, environmental laws, consumer protection laws, anti-bribery laws, data privacy laws, import and export controls and tariffs, securities laws and tax laws and regulations. Many of the laws and regulations that are or may be applicable to our business are changing or being tested in courts and could be interpreted in ways that could adversely impact our business and additional laws and regulations applicable to our business may be enacted. In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations often are uncertain, particularly in the industry in which we operate. We believe we take reasonable steps designed to ensure we are in compliance with current laws and regulations and do not expect continued compliance to have a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. We continue to monitor existing and pending laws and regulations and while the impact of regulatory changes cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not currently expect compliance to have a material adverse effect. Seasonality For information regarding seasonality in our sales, see the section entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Seasonality, Cyclicality and Quarterly Revenue Trends" in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Competition The markets for our products are extremely competitive and are characterized by rapid technological change. The principal competitive factors in our markets include: product security performance, throughput, features, effectiveness, interoperability and reliability; addition and integration of new networking and security features and technological expertise; compliance with industry standards and security and other certifications; price of products and services and total cost of ownership; brand recognition; customer service and support across varied and complex customer segments and use cases; sales and distribution capabilities; size and financial stability; breadth of product line; form factor of the solution; and other competitive differentiators. Among others, our competitors include Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. ("Check Point"), Cisco Systems, Inc. ("Cisco"), CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. ("CrowdStrike"), F5 Networks, Inc. ("F5 Networks"), Hewlett-Packard Enterprise ("HPE"), Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. ("Huawei"), Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft"), Netskope Inc. ("Netskope"), Palo Alto Networks, Inc. ("Palo Alto Networks"), SonicWALL, Inc. ("SonicWALL"), Sophos Group Plc ("Sophos") and Zscaler, Inc. ("Zscaler"). We believe we compete favorably based on our products' security performance, throughput, reliability, breadth and ability to work together, our ability to add and integrate new networking and security features and our technological expertise. Several competitors are significantly larger, have greater financial, technical, marketing, distribution, customer support and other resources, are more established than we are, and have significantly better brand recognition. Some of these larger competitors have substantially broader product offerings and leverage their relationships based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products in a manner that discourages users from purchasing our products. Other, often smaller competitors, may intensely focus on a small group of point solutions and be positioned as a leader in discrete technologies that we compete with. Based in part on these competitive pressures, we may lower prices or attempt to add incremental features and functionalities to our products. Conditions in our markets could change rapidly and significantly as a result of technological advancements, market consolidation or de-consolidation, supply chain constraints, price list or discount changes or inflation. The development and market acceptance of alternative technologies could decrease the demand for our products or render them obsolete. Our competitors may introduce products that are less costly, provide superior performance, are better marketed, or achieve greater market acceptance than our products. Additionally, our larger competitors often have broader product lines and are better positioned to withstand a significant reduction in capital spending by end-customers, and will therefore not be as susceptible to downturns in a particular market. The above competitive pressures are likely to continue to impact our business. We may not be able to compete successfully in the future, and competition may harm our business. Human Capital Management As of December 31, 2025, our total headcount was 15,109 employees, approximately 30% of whom were employed in the United States, approximately 20% of whom were employed in Canada and approximately 50% of whom were employed outside of the United States and Canada, primarily in Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA"), consistent with our customer base. We do not own any manufacturing or research and development activities in China. Our employees are the foundation of our innovation and cybersecurity leadership for the benefit of our customers. We understand there is a shortage of highly skilled employees for security companies like ours, and we believe that our success and competitive advantage depends largely on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled employees. We believe we offer fair, competitive compensation and benefits, and we encourage a merit-based and inclusive culture. Our compensation programs for our employees include base pay, incentive compensation, opportunities for equity ownership where local statutes allow and employee benefits that promote well-being across different aspects of our employees' lives, which may include health and welfare insurance, retirement benefits and paid time off. As a global company, we value diversity of experience, skills and backgrounds across our workforce. Such commitment starts at the top, with a highly skilled and diverse board of directors. As of December 31, 2025 , women represented approximately 40% of the members of our board of directors, and approximately 60% o f our board of directors was from underrepresented communities. We are also committed to community engagement and social responsibility with regards to our employees and beyond, and our board of directors has active oversight of such initiatives. Examples of our initiatives focused on our employees include our company matching program for employee charitable contributions, paid volunteering days (where applicable) and the free security training programs we offer to help with career development for our employees, in addition to the general public. Our culture is defined by our commitment to ethics and integrity. We reinforce our ethical "tone at the top" through clear policies including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, regular compliance training for our employees, quarterly meetings of our cross-functional Ethics Committee, clear messaging from our executives, enforcement of company policies and oversight by our board of directors. In addition, our Chief Executive Officer regularly communicates the importance of our core values of openness, teamwork and innovation. None of our U.S. employees are represented by a labor union. Our employees in certain European and Latin American countries, however, have the right to be represented by external labor organizations if they maintain up-to-date union membership. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. Corporate Sustainability We are committed to responsible corporate sustainability practices and having a positive impact on the sustainability of our society and planet. We are a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices -- World and North America, and report to both Carbon Disclosure Project ("CDP") and Ecovadis. Our approach to corporate sustainability is based on a strong corporate governance structure, starting with the Governance and Social Responsibility Committee (the "GSR Committee") of our board of directors, which provides oversight of our Corporate Social Responsibility ("CSR") strategy, initiatives and execution related to corporate sustainability matters. Our senior leadership sponsors the integration of CSR priorities via a CSR Committee, comprised of cross-functional team of senior leaders that drives CSR initiatives and functionality across the company including engaging with internal and external stakeholders to lead CSR execution, communications and disclosure via an annual Sustainability Report. We recognize that environmental considerations such as climate change, resource scarcity and the energy crisis are top priorities for the future of our planet. We are committed to helping address climate change impacts and minimizing the environmental footprint of our solutions, operations and our broader value chain. We have completed our validation process and have been approved by the Science Based Targets Initiatives for a near-term target. We are engaged on a decarbonization path to reach zero emissions for our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030. In 2025, we maintained the ISO 14001 certification we obtained in 2023 for our largest company-owned warehouse in Union City, California, and have continued to be a leader on energy efficiency with the launch of our SP5 ASIC and our FortiGate-90G model. We have been certified to Environmental Product Declarations for our FortiGate 50G family. We also disclose our Scope 3 emissions, across all 12 relevant categories, as part of our annual reporting on sustainability. We are committed to empower individuals within our organization and across the security industry to reach their full potential. We continue to focus on skilling, upskilling and reskilling individuals. As part of our Education Outreach Program, which focuses on creating a more diverse cybersecurity talent pool, we launched the Veterans Program Advisory Council to help build on the Veterans Program's success in providing more cybersecurity training pathways for military veterans across the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. We offered our Security Awareness Curriculum at no cost to primary and secondary schools across the same countries. We are involved in over 890 education partnerships across more than 100 countries and participates in public-private partnerships, including the World Economic Forum's Cybersecurity Talent Framework. Our approach to responsible business is based on strong corporate governance practices that aim to ensure accountability while meeting our responsibilities across our value chain, starting with our employees. Our board of directors regularly reviews our governance practices and in 2024 we formed our GSR committee which combined our Governance Committee with the Social Responsibility Committee to GSR Committee. Our Codes of Conduct apply to employees, partners and suppliers, and we have compliance trainings and controls in place. We have a risk management committee and steering committee to further enhance our anti-corruption program and we employ a thorough screening process for partners and suppliers, including continuous monitoring in high-risk zones, and resolution process for risk mitigation. Available Information Our website is located at https://www.fortinet.com, and our investor relations website is located at https://investor.fortinet.com. The information posted on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), are available free of charge on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). You may also access all of our public filings through the SEC's website at https://www.sec.gov. We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings, investor events and press and earnings releases, as part of our investor relations website. The contents of these websites are not intended to be incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document we file. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the following risks and all other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, before investing in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, also may become important factors that affect us. If any of the following risks materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline substantially, and investors may lose some or all of their investment. We have summarized risks immediately below and encourage investors to carefully read the entirety of this Risk Factors section. Risks Related to Our Business and Financial Position Our operating results are likely to vary significantly and be unpredictable. Our operating results have historically varied from period to period, and we expect that they will continue to do so as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control or may be difficult to predict, including: adverse economic conditions, including macroeconomic and regional economic challenges resulting, for example, from a recession, tariffs, disruptions of global supply chains or other economic downturn, increased inflation or possible stagflation in certain geographies, changing interest rates, the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East or other factors; policy changes and uncertainty with respect to immigration laws, trade policy and tariffs, including increased tariffs applicable to countries where we manufacture our products, foreign imports and tax laws related to international commerce; sales strategy, productivity, hiring and retention, and execution, and our ability to attract and retain new end-customers or sell additional products and services to our existing end-customers, including customer demand for platform solutions like ours versus point solutions; our ability to successfully anticipate market changes related to cloud-based solutions and to sell, support and meet service level agreements related to cloud-based solutions; component shortages, including chips and other components, and product inventory shortages, including those caused by factors outside of our control, such as international trade disputes or tariffs, labor or supply chain disruptions, inflation and other cost increases, international conflicts, terrorism, wars, such as the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East, critical infrastructure attacks, natural disasters, health emergencies, epidemics and pandemics, power outages and civil unrest; inventory management, including future inventory purchase commitments; the level of demand for our products and services, which may render forecasts inaccurate, increase backlog or future inventory purchase commitments and lead to price decreases; supplier or regulatory cost increases and any lack of market acceptance of our price increases designed to help offset any supplier or regulatory cost increases; the timing of channel partner and end-customer orders and our reliance on a concentration of shipments at the end of each quarter or changes in shipping terms; the impact to our business, the global economy, disruption of global supply chains and creation of significant volatility and disruption of the financial markets due to factors such as tariffs and policy disputes, increased inflation or possible stagflation in certain geographies, changing interest rates, the war in Ukraine, tensions between China and Taiwan, conflicts in the Middle East and other factors; defects or vulnerabilities, including critical vulnerabilities, in our products or services, as well as reputational harm from the failure or misuse of our products or services, and any actual or perceived defects or vulnerabilities, including critical vulnerabilities, in our products or services, failure of our products or services to detect or prevent a security incident or to cause a disruption to operations, failure of our customers to implement preventative actions such as updates to one of our deployed solutions or failure to help secure our customers; compromising of our internal enterprise IT networks, our operational networks, our research and development networks, our back-end labs and cloud stacks hosted in our data centers or PoPs, colocation vendors or public cloud providers, and resulting harm to public perception of our products and services; the timing of shipments, which may depend on factors such as inventory levels, logistics, manufacturing or shipping delays, our ability to ship products on schedule and our ability to accurately forecast inventory requirements and our suppliers' ability to deliver components and finished goods; increased expenses, unforeseen liabilities or write-downs and any