customers, from large-scale implementations to more limited solutions that help businesses run more efficiently. We continue to work with and invest in our partner ecosystem, including these ISVs and system integrators ("SIs"), to accelerate our reach into new markets and industries. Promote strong customer adoption and reduce customer attrition. We believe that we have the people, processes and proven innovation to help companies transform successfully. Our customer success programs, including success management resources, advisory services, technical architects and business strategists, help enable and accelerate our customers' digital transformations. In addition, we have free, curated resources such as Trailhead to help companies learn our systems and a community of Trailblazers who drive innovation. With these programs and resources, we aim to reduce attrition and secure renewals of existing customer subscriptions. Mergers and Acquisitions and Strategic Investments We evaluate opportunities to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services, technologies and intellectual property to complement our organic innovation and advance the development of our Agentforce 360 Platform. Our evaluation seeks to confirm that any potential acquisition accelerates our strategy, represents an attractive customer opportunity, provides a pathway to effectively monetize the acquired products and drive significant operational efficiencies and presents a clear timeline for value accretion. Our acquisitions can range in size and complexity, from those that enhance or complement existing products and accelerate development of features to large-scale acquisitions that result in new service offerings. Our goal is to prioritize the use of our balance sheet, through cash and debt, to complete acquisitions. We also manage a portfolio of strategic investments in both privately held and publicly traded companies focused primarily on enterprise cloud companies, technology startups and system integrators. Our investments range from early to late stage companies, including investments made concurrent with a company's initial public offering. We invest in companies that we believe are digitally transforming their industries, improving customer experiences, helping us expand our solution ecosystem or supporting other corporate initiatives, including AI. We plan to continue making these types of strategic investments as opportunities arise that we find attractive, including investments in companies representing targeted businesses, technological initiatives and geographies. Our strategy includes growing our strategic investment portfolio, in part, by reinvesting proceeds from the sales of strategic investments. Technology, Development and Operations We primarily deliver our solutions as highly scalable cloud computing application and platform services on a multi-tenant technology architecture. Multi-tenancy is an architectural approach that allows us to operate a single application instance for multiple organizations, treating all customers as separate tenants who run in virtual isolation from each other. This approach allows us to spread the cost of delivering our services across our user base and scale our business faster than traditional software vendors while focusing our resources on building new functionality and enhancing existing offerings. We provide our services through cloud computing platform partners who offer Infrastructure-as-a-Service, including servers, storage, databases and networking, as well as through infrastructure designed and operated by us but secured within third-party data center facilities. We continue to invest in and expand the deployment of Hyperforce, which allows our platform and applications to be delivered rapidly and reliably to locations worldwide and provides our customers autonomy and control over data residency. Our technology and product efforts are focused on improving and enhancing the features, functionality, performance, availability and security of our existing service offerings, as well as developing new features, functionality and services. We also remain focused on integrating businesses, services and technologies from acquisitions. Performance, functional depth, security, usability, ease of integration and configuration and sustainability of our solutions influence our technology decisions and product direction. Competition The market for our service offerings is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology with low barriers to entry, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. Our current competitors include: vendors of packaged business software, as well as companies offering enterprise applications delivered through on-premises offerings from enterprise software application vendors and cloud computing application service providers, either individually or with others; AI-native companies and emerging startups that leverage generative AI and large language models as the core foundation of their architecture, offering highly specialized, autonomous, or automated solutions that may bypass traditional business process workflows or displace established user interfaces; software companies that provide their product or service free of charge as a single product or when bundled with other offerings, or only charge a premium for advanced features and functionality, as well as companies that offer solutions that are sold without a direct sales organization; vendors who offer software tailored to specific services, industries or market segments, as opposed to our full suite of service offerings including suppliers of traditional business intelligence and data preparation products, integration software vendors, marketing vendors, e-commerce solutions vendors, or AI software and service vendors; productivity tool and email providers, unified communications providers and consumer application companies that have entered the business software market; and traditional platform development environment companies and cloud computing development platform companies who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new applications, including AI augmented applications, that run on the customers' current infrastructure or as hosted services, as well as would-be customers who may develop enterprise applications for internal use. We believe more companies may become competitive threats due to the attractiveness of the markets in which we operate. We also expect our competition to change and evolve as we expand into more markets with new offerings. Customers We sell to businesses of all sizes and in almost every industry worldwide. The number of paying subscriptions at each of our customers ranges from one to hundreds of thousands. None of our customers accounted for more than ten percent of our revenues in fiscal years 2026, 2025 or 2024. In addition, we do not have any material dependencies on any specific product, service or particular group or groups. Customer Service and Support We offer professional services to help customers achieve business results faster with Salesforce solutions. Our architects and innovation program teams act as advisors to plan and execute digital transformations for our customers. This includes implementation services for multi-offering and complex deployments. We provide best-practices and AI-based recommendations and adoption programs globally. To further accelerate technical delivery, we utilize Forward Deployed Engineers ("FDEs") who work side-by-side with our customers. FDEs are embedded within customer teams to build tailored AI agents, integrate complex data streams, and ensure that our latest innovations, such as Agentforce, are operationalized rapidly within the customer's unique technical environment. In addition, we provide advanced education, including in-person and online courses, to certify our customers and partners on architecting, administering, deploying and developing our service offerings. Our global customer support group responds to both business and technical inquiries about the use of our products via the web, telephone, email, social networks and other channels. We provide standard customer support during regular business hours to customers as part of our paying subscription editions. We also offer premier customer support that is either included in a premium success offering or sold for an additional fee, which can include services such as priority access to technical resources, developer support and system administration. In addition, we offer a premier priority support add-on that includes proactive monitoring, rapid incident response and instruction from a dedicated support team knowledgeable about the customer's specific enterprise architecture. With the launch of Agentforce, we have made it easier for customers to find answers by providing an even more intuitive experience on our Salesforce Help page. Agentforce can resolve customer issues swiftly and accurately with answers grounded in our trusted, unstructured content unified in Data 360. By automating simple and repetitive tasks, our support engineers are able to augment and scale their time in a more valuable way. Sales and Marketing We sell our services primarily through our direct sales force, which comprises sales personnel based in regional hubs, field sales personnel based in territories close to their customers and self-service offerings. To a lesser extent, we also utilize a network of partners who refer sales leads to us and assist in selling to prospects. This network includes global consulting firms, system integrators and other partners. In return, we typically pay these partners a fee based on the first-year subscription revenue generated by the customers they refer. We continue to invest in developing additional distribution channels for our subscription services. We use a variety of marketing programs across traditional and social channels to target our prospective and current customers, partners and developers. We focus our marketing activities in the cities and countries with the largest market opportunities. Our primary marketing activities include: multichannel marketing campaigns that span email, social media, the web, television and more, which align to a broader customer journey; in-person and virtual customer events of all sizes to create customer and prospect awareness, including proprietary events such as Dreamforce and our virtual Dreamforce to You, World Tours and other virtual events, as well as participation in trade shows and industry events; live events and original programming on our Salesforce+ streaming service, which includes discussions about the future of technology in the AI-first, work anywhere world and educational content to learn new skills and pursue new career opportunities; press and industry analyst relations to garner third-party validation and generate positive coverage for our company, brand, service offerings and value proposition; partner co-marketing activities with global and regional implementation partners; customer testimonials and our community of Trailblazers: individuals who drive innovation, grow their careers and transform their businesses using the Agentforce 360 Platform; in-person and virtual technology event sponsorships; and event partnerships with high-profile global brands and organizations. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, patents and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology and our brands. We also enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants and other third parties and control access to software, services, documentation and other proprietary information. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our service offerings. We also purchase or license technology that we incorporate into our products or services. At times, we make select intellectual property broadly available at no or low cost to achieve a strategic objective, such as promoting industry standards, advancing interoperability, supporting open source software or attracting and enabling our external development community. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of our products and business methods, we believe, based upon past experience and industry practice, such licenses generally should be obtainable on commercially reasonable terms. Human Capital Management Salesforce is committed to a core set of values: trust, customer success, innovation, equality and sustainability. These core values are the foundation of our company culture, which we believe is fundamental to, and a competitive advantage in, our approach to managing our workforce. We believe our company culture fosters open dialogue, collaboration, recognition and a sense of belonging, all of which allow us to attract and retain the best talent, which is critical for our continued success. For example, our sales, engineering and customer success teams are critical to our ability to grow, innovate, and promote the trust and success of our customers. We believe our efforts in managing our workforce have been effective. Our focus on our workplace environment and a strong company culture has led to recognition and numerous awards across the globe. As of January 31, 2026, we had 83,334 employees. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. However, employees of certain foreign subsidiaries are represented by works councils and/or labor unions. We have continued to invest in equality initiatives, employee impact programs, and workforce development, supported by strong employee engagement and ongoing communications and feedback. For additional information on our workforce, refer to our annual Stakeholder Impact Report, https://salesforce.com/stakeholder-impact-report. Some of our key human capital management initiatives are summarized below: Equality We are committed to our longstanding core value of equality equal opportunities, equal pay for equal work, and the dignity of every person. Our approach to equality is rooted in compliance with federal laws and regulations. We are committed to upholding these legal standards to foster a fair and inclusive workplace. By adhering to these requirements, we support a work environment where all individuals are treated equitably, have access to opportunities, and are protected from discrimination. Talent and Career Development We offer a comprehensive portfolio of talent development programs that foster a culture of continuous learning and enable employees to grow with evolving business needs. Our internal talent marketplace, Career Connect, facilitates internal mobility and structured career development plans, while our global learning platform, Trailhead, provides personalized, role-specific content. To help prepare for future-readiness, we anchor development around our Top 10 Enterprise Skills - from Agent & AI Literacy to Strategic Problem Solving - which are embedded into our development processes and quarterly check-ins. These Enterprise Skills are also the foundation of our 4R's strategy - redesign, reskill, redeploy and rebalance. We want to help our employees build the right skills for the future and afford them the opportunity to grow, learn and be relevant based on the market and business needs. We support external learning through tuition reimbursement and offer structured onboarding, leadership development, and mentorship initiatives. These programs empower employees at all levels to lead and perform effectively in our dynamic environment. Total Rewards We believe offering competitive compensation packages and robust benefits is an important factor in our ability to attract, retain and motivate our employees and to help enhance their everyday wellbeing. We use a combination of fixed and variable cash compensation for all employees and award equity compensation to certain employees in the form of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units and options. Eligible employees are also able to participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which allows employees to purchase our stock at a 15 percent discount up to U.S. Internal Revenue Code limits. We also match up to $10,000 of donations, per employee, to eligible nonprofit organizations. We offer employees benefits that vary by country and are designed to meet or exceed local legal requirements and to be competitive in the marketplace. Our V2MOM and Code of Conduct Alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as we continue to grow. Each year, we complete a corporate V2MOM, which is our business plan for the year used to align the company on our vision, values, methods, obstacles and measures for the upcoming year. All employees are then expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM. In addition, our Code of Conduct reflects our core values, which remain the foundation of the Company and which directly impact our ability to deliver success. We expect all of our employees to act with integrity, including treating others with compassion and respect. Employee Engagement and Satisfaction Our leadership strives for active engagement with our employees through a variety of channels, including all-company meetings and our daily newsletter, The Daily, allowing employees to stay connected with the business and new developments. We also encourage engagement beyond the workplace through our volunteering program, which enables employees to use their time, talent, and resources to make a meaningful impact in their communities. Employees receive seven paid days of volunteer time off each year to support causes that are personal to them. Twice a year, all employees have the opportunity to complete a confidential survey measuring employee engagement and experience, the health of our culture, and how we are living up to our values. This survey is one of several ways we seek to understand employee experience and drive real change across the Company. Government Regulation We operate globally and are subject to numerous U.S. federal, state and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. Additional information regarding governmental regulations relevant to our business is discussed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors." Available Information Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at http://investor.salesforce.com/financials/ or by contacting our Investor Relations department at our office address listed above as soon as reasonably practicable following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are not incorporated and do not constitute a part of this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. Our principal executive offices are located in San Francisco, California. Our principal address is Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission St., 3rd Floor, San Francisco, California 94105, and our primary website address is www.salesforce.com. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following discussion of material risks, events and uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative or risky in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report. A manifestation of any of the following risks and uncertainties could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, materially and adversely affect our business and operations, growth, reputation, prospects, operating and financial results, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity and stock price. Some of the factors, events and contingencies discussed below may have occurred in the past, but the disclosures below are not representations as to whether or not the factors, events or contingencies have occurred in the past and instead reflect our beliefs and opinions as to the factors, events or contingencies that could materially and adversely affect us in the future. The risks and uncertainties described below are not