organizations, including hyperscalers and managed service providers (MSPs). Today, we are in approximately 64% of Fortune 500 companies, and the loyalty of our customers is reflected in our market-leading, certified customer Net Promoter Score (NPS) of 84 as of December 31, 2025. 11 Sales and Marketing Sales. We sell our products and subscription services using a direct sales force and our channel partners. Our sales organization is supported by sales engineers with deep technical expertise and responsibility for pre-sales technical support, solutions engineering and technical training. Our channel partners sell and market our products and subscription services in partnership with our direct sales force. This joint sales approach provides us with the benefit of direct relationships with our customers and expands our reach through the relationships of our channel partners. In certain geographies, we sell through a two-tier distribution model. We also sell to service providers that deploy our products and offer cloud-based storage services to their customers. We intend to continue to invest in our channel partners. Technology Alliances. We work closely with technology partners that help us deliver an ecosystem of world-class solutions to our customers and ensure the efficient deployment and support of their environments. Our technology partners include application partners such as VMware, RedHat, Nutanix, Microsoft, Oracle and SAP, cloud partners such as Microsoft Azure, AWS, Google, and IBM, data protection partners such as Commvault, Rubrik and Veeam, and infrastructure partners such as Cisco and NVIDIA. In addition, we work closely with our technology partners through co-marketing and lead-generation activities in an effort to broaden our marketing reach and help us win new customers and retain existing ones. Marketing. Our marketing is focused on building our brand reputation and market awareness, communicating our Everpure Platform advantages and demand generation for our sales force and channel partners. Our marketing effort consists primarily of product, field, channel, solutions, digital marketing and public relations. Research and Development Our research and development efforts are focused on innovation, building new features and functionality for our existing products and subscription services, developing software, and building new solutions. Our Everpure Platform integrates both software and hardware innovations, and accordingly, our research and development teams employ both software and hardware engineers in the design, development, testing, certification and support of our products. Our research and development teams are primarily based in Santa Clara, California, Prague, Czech Republic, Bangalore, India, Bellevue, Washington, and Vancouver, Canada. We also design, test and certify our products to ensure interoperability with a variety of third-party software, servers, operating systems and network components. We plan to continue investing globally in significant resources for our ongoing research and development efforts. Manufacturing Our contract manufacturers manufacture, assemble, test and package our products in accordance with our specifications. We provide our contract manufacturers with a rolling forecast for anticipated orders, which our contract manufacturers use to build finished products. The products mix and volumes are adjusted based on anticipated demand and actual sales and shipments in prior periods. We work closely with our contract manufacturers to meet our product delivery requirements and to manage the manufacturing process and quality control. We also utilize a range of training and assessment tools from the Responsible Business Alliance to support continuous improvement in the social, environmental and ethical responsibility of our supply chain. Seasonality We generally experience seasonality as sales of our products and subscription services are usually lower during the first quarter of our fiscal year and highest during the last quarter of our fiscal year. As a result, we expect that our business and results of operations will fluctuate from quarter to quarter. 12 Competition We operate in the intensely competitive data storage market that is characterized by constant change. Changes in the application requirements, data center infrastructure trends and the broader technology landscape result in evolving customer requirements for capacity, performance scalability and enterprise features of storage systems. Our main competitors include legacy vendors, such as Dell EMC, NetApp, Hitachi Vantara, HP Enterprise, and IBM, each of which offer a broad range of systems targeting various use cases and end markets and have the technical and financial resources to bring competitive products to market. In addition, we compete against cloud providers and vendors of hyperconverged products. Some large-scale cloud providers, known for developing storage systems internally, offer alternatives to our data storage solutions for a variety of customer workloads. Our market attracts new startups and more highly specialized vendors, as well as other vendors that may continue to acquire or bundle products that compete with our offerings. All of our competitors utilize a broad range of competitive strategies. We believe the principal competitive factors in the storage market are as follows: Product and service innovation, features and enhancements, including ease of use, performance, reliability, scalability, and security; Product and service pricing and total cost of ownership; Product interoperability with customer networks and backup software; Product designs that help customers reduce their carbon footprint and contribute to meeting their environmental sustainability and savings goals; Global sales and distribution capability, including an ability to build and maintain incumbent customer relationships; Ability to take advantage of improvements in industry standard components; and Customer support and service. We believe we compete favorably with our competitors on these factors as we continue to take market share. However, many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, greater name recognition, larger sales and marketing budgets, broader distribution and larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios. Intellectual Property Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property. To establish and protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements and other contractual rights. We have over 3,000 issued patents and patent applications in the United States and foreign countries. We also license technology from third parties when we believe it will facilitate our product offerings or business. Human Capital Resources Our People and Organization We are committed to demonstrating our core values -- customer-first, persistence, creativity, teamwork, and ownership -- and we believe that the interplay of strategy, organization, talent, and culture enables us to achieve outstanding results for all of our stakeholders. We employ approximately 6,400 employees globally - approximately 3,700 in the U.S. and over 2,700 internationally at the end of fiscal 2026. Our workforce is distributed across over 30 countries and we continue to expand our location strategy to ensure we can obtain the right skills and have a global mindset with diversity of thinking. Our business growth presents us with the opportunity to attract talent and provide competitive employee value propositions in terms of work environment, pay, benefits, professional development and career growth opportunities that help meet the varying needs of our workforce. 13 Our human capital strategy is developed by our executive committee and led by our Chief Administrative and Legal Officer (CALO). The CALO delivers human capital reports to our Board of Directors and compensation and talent committee on a quarterly basis. Attracting, Developing and Retaining Talent In fiscal 2026, to advance our innovation, customer experience, and expanded sales coverage, we increased headcount by approximately 8%. To foster our employees' and our success, we seek to create an environment where people can thrive and do their best work. We strive to maximize our employees' potential by creating a respectful, inclusive work environment with training and development programs that enable our global employees to create products and services that furthers their career goals and align with our company's purpose. We also have global performance management and internal mobility programs to enable employee development, growth and performance. Our Commitment to a Strong and Inclusive Team At Everpure, we support fair and equitable hiring and promotion practices and greatly value a broad range of thought, experiences, backgrounds, cultures, and ideas. A close-knit team culture is core to our success and fuels the industry-leading innovation and customer experience that sets us apart. We believe that fostering an inclusive work environment strengthens collaboration, drives better decision-making, and enhances business outcomes. Our efforts focus on: Leadership Accountability We assess and recognize leadership behaviors that contribute to a workplace where all employees can do their best work. This includes fostering inclusion and psychological safety, modeling a growth mindset, and empowering team members through trust, clarity, and high-impact opportunities. Employee Networks and Community Our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) help foster connections, professional growth, and a sense of belonging, reinforcing our culture of inclusivity and teamwork. Fair and Consistent Talent Practices We apply structured, data-driven approaches to ensure fairness and objectivity in hiring, compensation, performance reviews, and promotions. We conduct regular pay equity reviews and track career progression to support transparent and consistent advancement opportunities. We provide regular updates on our workforce initiatives and progress to our Board of Directors as part of our broader commitment to building and sustaining a strong, inclusive culture. Total Rewards We provide competitive and fair compensation and inclusive benefit offerings. We regularly benchmark our programs against the market to ensure we are delivering salaries, variable pay and equity awards that attract and retain great talent. In addition, we offer comprehensive and tailored health and welfare benefits that ensure employees and their families are supported so they can remain focused on delivering results for Everpure. Our total rewards efforts include: A holistic benefits package . Our diverse offering of benefit programs support employees and their families with their unique life situations -- from starting a family to raising children, from caring for aging loved ones to taking care of themselves. Employees can take time away during some of life's most demanding moments through our global family leave policy and our flexible time off policy. Employees are also supported with dedicated programs to help guide them through some of the more challenging moments like having a baby, relationship challenges, mental health needs, and neurodivergent support. Driving impact through compensation . Managers differentiate incentives based on delivered outcomes, business impact and how our employees model our values. We empower leaders to make thoughtful, fair decisions, and we equip employees with the resources to understand how our compensation philosophy works in practice. 14 Our Culture as a Competitive Advantage Our customer-first culture and commitment to innovation create a thriving company that customers, partners, employees and investors love. Employee listening tools and data sources indicate that our high employee engagement is a key enabler of the positive customer experience and strong net promoter scores. Our employee voice survey is implemented and assessed through a third party vendor. It focuses on measuring employee engagement, organizational health, team and manager effectiveness, sense of community and belonging, career growth, and overall wellbeing. A key tenant of our culture is our commitment to integrity, respect and a safe work environment which is supported by our Code of Conduct, Speak Up Policy, and annual Everpure Ethics and Compliance Pulse survey. We continually remind our employees that they are empowered to report concerns without fear of retaliation through our anonymous speak-up hotline and web portal or through their management chain, HR business partner, or Legal team. Sustainable Impact We are committed to advancing our responsible business practices, ensuring business operations and supply chain resilience and having a positive impact on the environment and society. Our Board of Directors receives an annual update on our environmental and social policies, programs and progress towards our commitments. Our governance model is structured to ensure the appropriate amount of oversight, assessment, and management of sustainability risks and opportunities across our organization and supply chain. Our Audit Committee oversees our sustainability efforts and receives quarterly updates. In fiscal 2026, we launched FlashBlade//EXA and FlashArray//RC20 . FlashBlade//EXA is a high-performance scale-out storage platform designed to support AI and high-performance computing workloads, enabling customers to efficiently train and deploy models while reducing infrastructure footprint, energy consumption, and related carbon emissions. FlashArray//RC20 is an enterprise storage platform incorporating circular design principles, including the use of requalified components and Evergreen upgradeability, intended to lower manufacturing emissions, extend product lifecycles, and reduce electronic waste for cost-conscious customers. Our International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 14044 compliant Life Cycle Analyses (LCA) are conducted across our Everpure Platform and are used to identify opportunities to reduce the environmental impact of our solutions. We continue to obtain third party verification of our greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) and make progress on our near-term science based targets through initiatives such as expanding procurement of renewable electricity for our Santa Clara headquarters campus as well as our Prague, Bangalore, Bellevue, and Lehi campuses. For more information about our sustainability priorities, alignment to Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, Global Reporting Initiative, United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures framework, please see our fiscal 2025 Impact report at www.everpuredata.com/company/sustainability. The contents of our sustainability website are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any reference to our sustainability website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. Available Information Our website address is www.everpuredata.com. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of this report and the inclusion of our website address in this report is an inactive textual reference only. We make available, free of charge through our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after they have been electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 15 Trademark Notice Everpure , the Everpure "P" logo and other trade names, trademarks or service marks of Everpure appearing in this report are the property of Everpure. Trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies appearing in this report are the property of their respective holders. 16 Item 1A. Risk Factors. Investing in our Class A common stock, which we refer to as our "common stock", involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing in this annual report, before deciding to invest in our common stock. If any of the following risks actually occur, it could harm our business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. In such event, the trading price of our common stock could decline and investors might lose all or part of their investment. Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Some of the principal risks associated with our business include the following: Our business, operating results, and cash flows may be adversely impacted by uncertain macroeconomic conditions, and the uncertain geopolitical environment. If we do not manage the supply of our products and their components efficiently, or if our suppliers fail to perform their contractual obligations to us or are otherwise unable to allocate a sufficient volume of components to us, our ability to deliver products could be adversely affected and result in delayed or reduced revenue, reduced product margins or lost sales opportunities altogether. We rely on a limited number of suppliers, and in some cases single-source suppliers, and any disruption or termination of our supply arrangements could delay shipments of our products and could harm our relationships with current and prospective customers. Adverse changes to tariffs, trade agreements, and trade policies may have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. Our sales cycles can be long, unpredictable and expensive, particularly during a global economic slowdown, making it difficult for us to predict future sales. We are devoting significant resources toward developing flash storage solutions for hyperscalers, but there can be no assurance that our efforts will lead to meaningful revenue, operating margin, or cash flow, or additional hyperscaler design wins. We face intense competition from established companies and others. If we fail to develop and introduce new or enhanced storage offerings successfully, our ability to attract and retain customers could be harmed. If we fail to execute our transition to subscription offerings successfully, our revenues and results of operation may be harmed. Sales of our subscription and consumption offerings as a percentage of our total sales are difficult to predict, and we expect they will fluctuate over time, which will impact our product and total revenue growth. If our security measures are compromised, or the security, confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information technology or data is compromised, our business could experience a material adverse impact. Our gross margins are impacted by a variety of factors and vary from period to period, making them difficult to predict with certainty. Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations. The sales prices of our products and services may fluctuate or decline, which may reduce our gross profits, revenue growth, and adversely impact our financial results. 17 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry Our business, operating results, and cash flows may be adversely impacted by uncertain macroeconomic conditions, and the uncertain geopolitical environment. Our operations and performance depend in part on worldwide economic conditions and the economic health of our current and prospective customers. Recent macroeconomic and geopolitical events, including tariffs, inflation, elevated interest rates, geopolitical tensions, and political and fiscal challenges in the United States and abroad, have, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on the budgets, confidence and demand of our customers, particularly in the United States where we derive the majority of our revenue. These pressures create a great deal of uncertainty and affect our customer demand, margins, costs and operations. Macroeconomic conditions can and do further exacerbate other risks discussed in this "Risk Factors" section, such as risks related to our sales and marketing efforts. If we are unable to successfully manage the effects of these pressures, our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. If we do not manage the supply of our products and their components efficiently, or if our suppliers fail to perform their contractual obligations to us or are otherwise unable to allocate a sufficient volume of components to us, our ability to deliver products could be adversely affected and result in delayed or reduced revenue, reduced product margins or lost sales opportunities altogether. Managing the supply of our products and underlying components is complex and has become increasingly difficult, in part, due to component quality, component scarcity, increased global demand, and inflationary pressure. Our supply chain has been, and may continue to be adversely impacted by component cost increases in our supply chain. In response to these cost increases, we raised our prices during the first quarter of fiscal year 2027, which may result in reduced sales or the loss of customers, and adversely impact our business and results of operations. We enter into agreements with our suppliers to provide components at specified prices, volume, and timing. Our suppliers have in the past, and may in the future, seek to renegotiate terms of our supply agreements. Furthermore, in the current environment of increased global demand and component scarcity, suppliers may lack the capacity to allocate the necessary volume of components to meet our manufacturing requirements. If our suppliers fail to perform their obligations or if they are unable or refuse to provide components to us at the specified prices, volumes, or at the times that we have agreed upon, or if they are simply unable to allocate the volume of components that we need, we may be unable to secure alternate supply on commercially reasonable terms or within our required timeframes. As a result, we could face component shortages, higher component costs, manufacturing disruptions, longer customer lead times and delays in shipping our products, or lost sales opportunities altogether. Such a disruption could cause us to miss revenue opportunities, damage our relationships with customers and partners, and negatively impact our reputation. A significant or sustained supply chain failure of this nature could adversely affect our business, financial condition, product margins, results of operations, and prospects. In addition, to scale our supply chain, we must manage our supply and inventory effectively, including ensuring a sufficient supply of flash to support our hyperscaler customer. If our hyperscale customer reduces its demand for our flash storage solutions, we may be obligated to fulfill component purchase commitments. If we are unable to effectively manage our supply and inventory, including the supply of flash necessary to fulfill potential hyperscaler demand, our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our third-party contract manufacturers procure components and build our products based on our forecasts, and we generally do not hold inventory for a prolonged period of time. Our forecasts are based on estimates of future demand for our products, which are in turn based on historical trends and analyses from our sales and marketing organizations, adjusted for overall market conditions. In order to reduce manufacturing lead times and plan for adequate component supply, we may issue orders for components and products that are non-cancelable and non-returnable. Our inventory management systems and related supply chain visibility tools may be inadequate to enable us to make accurate forecasts and effectively manage the supply of our products and components. If we have excess supply, we may reduce our prices and write down or write off excess or obsolete inventory, which in turn could result in lower gross margins. Alternatively, insufficient supply levels may lead to shortages that exacerbate other risk factors and result in delayed revenue, reduced product margins or lost sales opportunities altogether. 18 We rely on a limited number of suppliers, and in some cases single-source suppliers, and any disruption or termination of our supply arrangements could delay shipments of our products and could harm our relationships with current and prospective customers. We rely on a limited number of suppliers and, in some cases, on single-source suppliers, for several key components of our products, and we have not generally entered into agreements for the long-term purchase of these components. If we are unable to obtain components from our existing suppliers, we may need to obtain these components through secondary sources or markets. Our reliance on a limited number of suppliers and the lack of any guaranteed sources of supply exposes us to several risks, including: the inability to obtain, or delay in obtaining, an adequate supply of key components, including flash; price volatility for the components of our products; failure of a supplier to meet our quality or production requirements; failure of a supplier of key components to remain in business or adjust to market conditions; and consolidation among suppliers, resulting in some suppliers exiting the industry, discontinuing the manufacture of components or increasing the price of components. Further, we source some of our product components from suppliers outside the United States, including from China, which subjects us to additional logistical risks and risks associated with complying with local rules and regulations in foreign countries. Significant changes to existing international trade agreements could result in import delays or the imposition of increased tariffs on our sourcing partners, which could lead to sourcing or logistics disruptions to our business. For example, there have been, and may continue to be, significant changes to U.S. trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs, including announcements of import tariffs and export restrictions. As new legislation and/or regulations are implemented, existing trade agreements are renegotiated or terminated, and trade restrictions and tariffs are imposed on foreign-sourced or U.S. goods, it may be inefficient and expensive for us to alter our business operations in order to adapt to or comply with such changes. Such operational changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. As a result of these risks, we cannot assure investors that we will be able to obtain a sufficient supply of key product components in the future or that the cost of these components will not increase. If our component supply is disrupted or delayed, or if we need to replace our suppliers, there can be no assurance that additional components will be available when required or that components will be available on favorable terms, which could extend our manufacturing lead times, increase the costs of our components and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We may not be able to continue to procure components at reasonable prices, which may impact our business negatively or require us to enter into longer-term contracts to obtain components. Even if we enter into such long-term contracts, our suppliers may fail to perform their contractual obligations or may otherwise be unable to supply components in the quantities or at the prices agreed upon. Any of the foregoing disruptions could exacerbate other risk factors, increase our costs and decrease our gross margins, harming our business, operating results and financial condition. Adverse changes to tariffs, trade agreements, and trade policies may have a negative effect on our business and results of operations. We rely on contract manufacturers and component vendors, some of which are located outside the United States. The importation of our products and the underlying components may be affected by changes in applicable tariffs, trade agreements, and trade policies, and expose us to risks associated with doing business globally. The United States and other countries in our supply chain or in which we have sales have imposed, and may impose additional, tariffs, duties, quotas, or other restrictions or regulations, or may adversely adjust prevailing tariff levels, quotas, duties, or other restrictions or regulations. Countries impose, modify and remove tariffs and other trade restrictions in response to a variety of factors, including economic and political conditions, which make it impossible for us to predict future developments regarding tariffs and other trade restrictions. Additionally, changes in U.S. policy have and may continue to lead to significant changes in tariffs for imported goods. The imposition of tariffs on our products or their underlying components may require us to raise our prices, which may result in the loss of customers and harm our business and results of operations, or we may choose to pay for these tariffs without raising prices which may negatively impact our results of operations and profitability. 19 Our sales cycles can be long, unpredictable and expensive, making it difficult for us to predict future sales. Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use and benefits across our data storage platform (Everpure Platform) and often involve an evaluation process that can result in a lengthy sales cycle, particularly for larger customers and hyperscalers. We spend substantial time and resources on our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. In addition, purchases are frequently subject to our customers' budget constraints, multiple approvals and unplanned administrative and other delays. These factors can lead to unpredictable and extended closing times of sales to our customers. Some of our customers make large concentrated purchases to complete or upgrade specific data storage deployments. A substantial portion of our quarterly sales typically occurs during the last several weeks of the quarter, which we believe largely reflects customer buying patterns of products similar to ours and other technology products generally. As a result, our revenue and operating results have and may continue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Since revenue from a product sale is not recognized until performance obligations are satisfied, a substantial portion of our sales late in a quarter may negatively impact the recognition of the associated revenue. Furthermore, our products come with a 30-day money back guarantee, allowing a customer to return a product within 30 days of receipt if the customer is not satisfied with its purchase for any reason. These factors, among others, make it difficult for us to predict when customers will purchase our products, which may adversely affect our operating results and cause our operating results to fluctuate. In addition, if sales expected from a specific customer for a particular quarter are not realized in that quarter or at all, our operating results may suffer. Our business may be harmed by trends in the overall data storage market. Despite ongoing data growth, the data storage market in which we compete has not experienced substantial growth in the past few years due to a combination of technology transitions, increased storage efficiency, competitive pricing dynamics and changing economic and business environments. Some customers are shifting spending toward the public cloud and software as a service, as well as other storage deployment models. The impact of these trends on future growth of the overall data storage market is uncertain. If we fail to accurately predict trends, successfully update our product offerings or adapt our sales programs to meet changing customer demands and priorities, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. Reductions in the overall data storage market or the specific markets in which we compete would harm our business and operating results . We are devoting significant resources toward developing flash storage solutions for hyperscalers, but there can be no assurance that our efforts will lead to meaningful revenue, operating margin or cash flow, or additional hyperscaler design wins. We are devoting significant resources toward expanding our sales to our existing hyperscale customer and to additional hyperscale customers. Achieving a hyperscaler design win requires us to dedicate significant resources and investment in pursuit of a single customer opportunity without any guarantee of revenue. Additionally, we may be obligated to fulfill NAND flash purchase commitments if our hyperscale customer reduces its demand for our flash storage solutions. While we believe the opportunity to sell our solutions to our existing hyperscale customer and additional hyperscalers is significant, and that sales to hyperscalers may in the future account for a significant portion of our revenue, there can be no assurance that our efforts will lead to meaningful revenue, operating margin or cash flow, or additional hyperscaler design wins. Further, even if we do secure additional hyperscaler design wins, a design win does not guarantee sales. Our existing, and potential future, hyperscale customers could choose to delay or cancel purchasing or licensing our technology and services. It is therefore difficult to predict the volume and timing of sales, if any, that will follow from any design win that we secure. Moreover, if our existing hyperscale customer were to delay, reduce or cancel its purchases from us, our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition would be adversely affected. 20 The evolving market for data storage and data management products makes it difficult to forecast demand for our Everpure Platform. The market for data storage and data management products is rapidly evolving. Changes in the application requirements, data center infrastructure trends and the broader technology landscape result in evolving customer requirements for capacity, scalability and other enterprise features of storage systems. Our future financial performance depends on our ability to adapt to competitive dynamics and emerging customer demands and trends, such as the opportunities created by the recent advances in artificial intelligence (AI). We continue to expand and evolve our Everpure Platform to compete directly with hard disk systems, and that strategy may take longer than we anticipate or may not succeed due to unforeseen factors. We may be unable to capture significant storage workloads for AI environments and hyperscalers. The enhancement of all-flash storage products by incumbent vendors and changes or advances in alternative technologies or adoption of cloud storage offerings that do not utilize our Everpure Platform could adversely affect the demand for our products. Offerings from large public cloud providers are expanding quickly and serve as alternatives to our Everpure Platform for a variety of customer workloads. Since these providers are known for developing storage systems internally, this trend reduces the demand for storage systems like ours. It is difficult to predict customer adoption rates of new offerings, customer demand for our Everpure Platform or the future growth rate and size of our addressable market. Reduced demand for our Everpure Platform caused by technological challenges, alternative technologies and products or any other reason would result in a lower revenue growth rate or decreased revenue, either of which would negatively impact our business and operating results. We face intense competition from established companies and others. We face intense competition from a number of established companies that sell competing storage products, including Dell EMC, HP Enterprise, Huawei, Hitachi Vantara, IBM, and NetApp. We also compete against cloud providers and vendors of hyperconverged products, which combine compute, networking and storage. These providers are growing and expanding their product offerings, potentially displacing some demand for our products. In addition, some of our competitors offer bundled products and services in order to reduce the initial cost of their storage products. Further, some of our competitors offer their storage products either at significant discounts or even for free in competing against us. Our competitors may have: greater name and brand recognition and longer operating histories; larger sales and marketing and customer support budgets and resources; broader distribution and established relationships with distribution partners and customers; the ability to bundle storage products with other products and services to address customers' requirements; greater resources to make acquisitions; larger and more mature product and intellectual property portfolios; and substantially greater financial, technical and other resources. Many of our competitors have developed or acquired storage technologies with features or data reduction technologies that directly compete with our Everpure Platform or have introduced business programs designed, among other things, to compete with our innovative programs, such as our Evergreen Storage model. We expect our competitors to continue to improve their products, reduce their prices and introduce new offerings that may, or may claim to, offer greater value compared to our Everpure Platform. These developments may render our products or technologies obsolete or less competitive. These and other competitive pressures may prevent us from competing successfully against our competitors. 21 Many of our competitors have long-standing relationships with key decision makers at current and prospective customers, which may inhibit our ability to compete. Many of our competitors benefit from established brand awareness and long-standing relationships with key decision makers at our current and prospective customers. Our competitors often leverage these existing relationships to discourage customers from evaluating or purchasing our Everpure Platform. Additionally, most of our prospective customers have existing storage products supplied by our competitors who have an advantage in retaining the customer because, among other things, the incumbent vendor already understands the customer's IT infrastructure, user demands and needs, or the customer is concerned about actual or perceived costs of switching to a new vendor and technology. If we are unable to sell our Everpure Platform to new customers or persuade existing customers to continue purchasing our Everpure Platform, we will not be able to maintain or increase our market share and revenue, which would adversely affect our business and operating results. We rely on contract manufacturers to manufacture our products, and if we fail to manage our relationships with our contract manufacturers successfully, our business could be negatively impacted. We rely on a limited number of contract manufacturers to manufacture our products, which reduces our control over the assembly process and exposes us to risks, such as reduced control over quality assurance, costs and product supply. If we fail to manage our relationships with these contract manufacturers effectively, or if these contract manufacturers experience delays, disruptions, capacity constraints or quality control problems, our ability to timely ship products to our customers will be impaired, potentially on short notice, and our competitive position, reputation and financial results could be harmed. If we are required, for whatever reason, to change contract manufacturers or assume internal manufacturing operations, we may lose revenue, incur increased costs and damage our customer relationships. Qualifying a new contract manufacturer and commencing production is expensive and time-consuming. We may need to increase our component purchases, contract manufacturing capacity and internal test and quality functions if we experience increased demand. The inability of our contract manufacturers to provide us with adequate supplies of high-quality products could exacerbate other risk factors and cause a delay in our order fulfillment, and our business, operating results and financial condition may be harmed. If we fail to successfully maintain or grow our relationships with partners, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. Our future success is highly dependent upon our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with our partners, including value-added resellers, service providers and systems integrators. In addition to selling our Everpure Platform, our partners may offer installation, post-sale service and support in their local markets. In markets where we rely on partners more heavily, we have less contact with our customers and less control over the sales process and the quality and responsiveness of our partners. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to ensure the proper delivery and installation of our Everpure Platform or the quality or responsiveness of the support and services being offered. Moreover, because our success depends on our partner relationships, we have recently increased our partner incentive compensation arrangements which we expect to negatively impact revenue. However, there can be no assurance that this increased incentive compensation will result in a corresponding increase in our sales. Any failure on our part to effectively identify, train and manage our channel partners and to monitor their sales activity, as well as the customer support and services provided to our customers, could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our partners may choose to discontinue offering our Everpure Platform or may not devote sufficient attention and resources toward selling our Everpure Platform. We typically enter into non-exclusive, written agreements with our channel partners. These agreements generally have a one-year, self-renewing term, have no minimum sales commitment and do not prohibit our channel partners from offering competing products and services. Additionally, our competitors may provide incentives to our existing and potential channel partners to use, purchase or offer their products and services or to prevent or reduce sales of our products and services. The occurrence of any of these events could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our brand name and business may be harmed by our competitors' marketing strategies. Building and maintaining brand recognition and customer goodwill is critical to our success. On occasion, our competitors' marketing efforts have included negative or misleading statements about us and our Everpure Platform. If we are unable to effectively respond to our competitors' marketing efforts and protect our brand and customer goodwill now or in the future, our business will be adversely affected. 22 Sales to governments are subject to a number of challenges and risks that may adversely impact our business. Sales to governmental agencies may in the future account for a significant portion of our revenue and pose additional challenges and risks to our sales efforts. Governments have and may continue to impose restrictions or requirements that must be complied with in order for us to sell to certain governmental customers. Government demand and payment for our Everpure Platform may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding reductions or delays, such as an extended federal government shutdown, which may adversely affect public sector demand for our Everpure Platform. We sell our offerings to governmental agencies through our channel partners, and these agencies may have statutory, contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with our distributors and resellers for convenience or due to a default, and any such termination may adversely impact our results of operations. Governments routinely investigate and audit government contractors' administrative processes, and any unfavorable audit could result in the government refusing to continue buying our Everpure Platform, which would adversely impact our revenue and results of operations, or institute fines or civil or criminal liability if the audit uncovers improper or illegal activities. Finally, governments may require certain products to be manufactured in the United States or other relatively high-cost manufacturing locations, and we may not manufacture all products in locations that meet these requirements, affecting our ability to sell to certain governmental agencies. Risks Related to Our Platform If we fail to develop and introduce new or enhanced storage offerings successfully, our ability to attract and retain customers could be harmed. We operate in a dynamic environment characterized by rapidly changing technologies and industry standards and technological obsolescence. To compete successfully, we must design, develop, market and sell new or enhanced storage and data management offerings that provide increasingly higher levels of performance, capacity, functionality and reliability and meet our customers' expectations, which is a complex and uncertain process. We believe that we must continue to dedicate significant resources to our research and development efforts and innovative business models such as Evergreen//One to improve our competitive position. We continue to expand our large capacity data storage offerings to compete directly with hard disk systems. Our investments may take longer to generate revenue or may generate less revenue than we anticipate. The introduction of new storage offerings by our competitors, or the emergence of alternative technologies or industry standards could render our Everpure Platform obsolete or less competitive. As we introduce new or enhanced offerings, we must successfully manage their launch and customer adoption. If we are not able to successfully manage the development and release of new or enhanced offerings, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. Similarly, if we fail to introduce new or enhanced offerings, such as new or improved software features, that meet our customers' needs in a timely or cost-effective fashion, we may lose market share and our operating results could be adversely affected. If we fail to execute our transition to subscription offerings successfully, our revenues and results of operation may be harmed. We offer our Everpure Platform on a subscription basis, including our hardware and software products through Evergreen//One . Our subscription offerings are relatively new to the storage market and will continue to evolve, and we may not be able to compete effectively, drive continued revenue growth or maintain profitability with these business models. Our subscription offerings require different accounting of our customer transactions, such as changing how we recognize revenue and capitalize commissions, among other things. In addition, our subscription offerings require compliance with additional regulatory, legal and trade licensing requirements in some countries and entail incremental operational, technical, legal and other costs. Continued market acceptance of subscription offerings depends on our ability to create a seamless customer experience and optimally price our offerings in light of market conditions, our costs and customer demand. Additionally, subscription models may unfavorably impact the pricing of and demand for our on-premise offerings, which could reduce our revenues and profitability. If we do not successfully execute our subscription offering strategy, our financial results could be negatively impacted. 23 Our Everpure Platform is highly technical and may contain defects or bugs, which could cause data unavailability, loss, breach or corruption that might, in turn, result in liability and harm to our reputation and business. Our Everpure Platform is highly technical and complex and is often used to store information critical to our customers' business operations. Our Everpure Platform may contain errors, defects or security vulnerabilities that could result in data unavailability, loss, corruption or other harm to our customers. Some errors in our Everpure Platform may only be discovered after it has been installed and used by customers. We have, from time to time, identified vulnerabilities in our Everpure Platform. Despite our efforts to detect and remediate actual and potential vulnerabilities in our systems, we cannot be certain that we will be able to address any such vulnerabilities, and there may be delays in developing and deploying patches and other remedial measures to adequately address vulnerabilities. We may also incur unexpected costs replacing defective hardware or ensuring that hardware remains interoperable and upgradable. Any of these errors, defects, bugs or security vulnerabilities may leave us, our Everpure Platform and our customers susceptible to exploitation, including by malicious actors, which could result in a loss of revenue, injury to our reputation, loss of customers or increased service and warranty costs, and adversely affect our business and operating results. In addition, errors or failures in the products of third-party technology vendors may be attributed to us and may harm our reputation. We could face claims for product liability, tort or breach of warranty. We may not be able to enforce provisions in our contracts relating to warranty disclaimers and liability limitations. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, would be costly and could divert management's attention and harm our reputation. Our business liability insurance coverage may be inadequate with respect to a claim and future coverage may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. Any of these issues could result in claims against us, and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. If we are unable to ensure that our Everpure Platform interoperates with third party operating systems, software applications and hardware, we may lose or fail to increase our market share. Our Everpure Platform must interoperate with our customers' infrastructure, specifically networks, servers, software and operating systems, which are offered by a wide variety of vendors. When new or updated versions of these operating systems or applications are introduced, we may need to develop updated versions of our software so that our Everpure Platform continues to interoperate properly. We may not deliver or maintain interoperability quickly, cost-effectively or at all as these efforts require capital investment and engineering resources. If we fail to maintain compatibility of our Everpure Platform with these infrastructure components, our customers may not be able to fully utilize our Everpure Platform, and we may, among other consequences, lose or fail to increase our market share and experience reduced demand for our Everpure Platform, which may harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our Everpure Platform must conform to industry standards in order to be accepted by customers. Generally, our Everpure Platform comprises only a part of an IT environment. The servers, network, software and other components and systems deployed by our customers must comply with established industry standards in order to interoperate and function efficiently together. We depend on companies that provide other systems in this ecosystem to conform to prevailing industry standards. These companies are often significantly larger and more influential in driving industry standards than we are. Some industry standards may not be widely adopted or implemented uniformly and competing standards may emerge that our customers prefer. If larger companies do not conform to the same industry standards that we do, or if competing standards emerge, sales of our Everpure Platform could be adversely affected, which may harm our business. 24 Our ability to successfully market and sell our Everpure Platform depends in part on ease of use and the quality of our customer experience, and any failure to offer high-quality technical services and support could harm our business. Once our customers deploy our Everpure Platform, they depend on our customer experience organization to drive non-disruptive upgrades and resolve technical issues. Our ability to provide effective technical services largely depends on our ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, as well as engage with qualified support partners that provide a similar level of customer support. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on our reputation and on recommendations and reviews from our existing customers. We may need to provide customized installation and configuration services to our customers before our Everpure Platform is fully operational in their environments. Any failure to maintain, or a market perception that we do not maintain, high-quality technical services and support could harm our reputation, our ability to sell our Everpure Platform to existing and prospective customers and our business. Risks Related to Our Operating Results or Financial Condition Our gross margins are impacted by a variety of factors and vary from period to period, making them difficult to predict with certainty. Our gross margins fluctuate from period to period due primarily to our component costs, product pricing, customer mix and product mix. A variety of factors may cause our gross margins to fluctuate and make them difficult to predict, including, but not limited to: sales and marketing initiatives, discount levels, rebates and competitive pricing; changes in customer mix (including our hyperscale customer), geographic mix, or product mix, including the relative sales of our lower product gross margin FlashBlade//E , FlashArray//E , and FlashArray//C solutions; the cost of components, including flash and DRAM, and freight; new product introductions and enhancements with higher product costs; excess inventory levels or purchase obligations as a result of changes in demand forecasts or product transitions; an increase in product returns, product warranty, order rescheduling and cancellations; the timing of technical support service contracts and contract renewals; inventory stocking requirements to mitigate supply chain constraints, accommodate unforeseen demand or support new product introductions; and inflation and other adverse economic pressures. During fiscal 2026, the cost of our components increased significantly, and we anticipate continued component pricing volatility throughout fiscal 2027. Elevated global demand for the components used in our products has made future cost fluctuations highly unpredictable. We maintain supply agreements with our component suppliers that help mitigate, but do not eliminate, significant component cost volatility. While we implemented product price increases during the first quarter of fiscal 2027 to help offset these rising expenses, ongoing component cost volatility has placed, and may continue to place, downward pressure on our gross margins. If we are unable to manage these factors effectively, our gross margins may decline, and fluctuations in gross margins may make it difficult to manage our business and achieve or maintain profitability, which could materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We intend to continue focusing on revenue growth and increasing our market penetration and international presence by investing in our business, which may put pressure on near-term profitability. Our operating expenses largely are based on anticipated revenue, and a high percentage of our expenses are, and will continue to be, fixed in the short term. If we fail to adequately increase revenue and manage costs, we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. As a result, our business could be harmed, and our operating results could suffer. 25 Our strategy is to continue investing in marketing, sales, support and research and development. We believe continuing to invest heavily in our business, including investments to scale operations to support our hyperscaler customer, is critical to our future success and meeting our growth objectives. We anticipate that our operating expenses will continue to increase in absolute terms. Even if we achieve or maintain significant revenue growth, we may experience losses, forgoing near-term profitability on a U.S. GAAP basis. Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations. Our operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, a portion of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Factors that are difficult to predict and that could cause our operating results to fluctuate include: the timing and magnitude of orders, shipments and acceptance of our products in any quarter, including product returns, order rescheduling and cancellations by our customers; the impact on timing and amount of revenue recognized resulting from the cancellation of unfulfilled orders by our customers or our inability to fulfill orders; fluctuations or seasonality in demand and prices for our products; our ability to control the costs of the components we use or to timely adopt subsequent generations of components; disruption in our supply chains, shipping logistics, component availability and related procurement costs; reductions in customers' budgets for IT purchases; changes in industry standards in the data storage industry; our ability to develop, introduce and ship new offerings that meet customer requirements and to effectively manage product transitions; changes in the competitive dynamics of our markets, including new entrants or price discounting; our ability to control or mitigate costs, including our operating expenses, to support business growth and our continued expansion; the impact on our revenue mix from changes in our customers' consuming our technology as a service rather than purchasing our solutions; the impact of inflation on labor and other costs, fluctuations in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies, other adverse economic conditions, and the impact of public health epidemics or pandemics; and future accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting policies. The occurrence of any one of these factors could negatively affect our operating results in any particular quarter. The sales prices of our offerings may fluctuate or decline, which may adversely affect our gross margins and operating results. The sales prices of our offerings may fluctuate or decline for a variety of reasons, including competitive pricing pressures, discounts, the introduction of competing products or services or promotional programs, a change in our mix of products and services, cost of components, supply chain constraints, inflation and other adverse economic conditions. As a result of the increase in our component costs during fiscal 2026, we raised our prices during the first quarter of fiscal year 2027. Due to the uncertainty around our component costs, we may be required to raise our prices again in the future. 26 We expect competition to increase in the future, thereby leading to increased pricing pressures. Larger competitors may reduce the price of products or services that compete